A Manikin must have stolen it and fled, in hopes of returning to the Vortex World. 
A big group of Manikins went downstairs. 
A bunch of Mantra demons came through here on their way to fight Nihilo. 
A buncha Manikins just walked right in there! 
A buncha people were killed. You could hear the sirens wailing all night long. 
A ceremony is about to start. It seems very fishy indeed 
A ceremony is being prepared. It seems fishy 
A complete circle of stillness, in harmony with the workings of time 
A demon born in exchange for the world 
A demon girl is attacking Mifunashiro! 
A demon hiring a demon slayer 
A demon just won his case, and was set free. 
A demon who can help take me to . 
A demon with the strength to become the champion of chaos 
A demon-like girl came to steal our Magatsuhi 
A game's no fun if you don't know the rules. So, here's the deal 
A ghost riding a motorcycle!! I don't think he's even licensed!! 
A guy with a strong will is going to change this chaotic world 
A handsome demon like you deserves a major discount! 
A handsome demon like you deserves a major discount! *wink* 
A hospital on the east side of Shinjuku is closely linked to their plan 
A human guy was here, too. 
A human kid came in and began living here not too long ago. 
A human's soul can learn, but his body is mortal. A demon is immortal, but his soul never changes. 
A is at the Mantra's headquarters now. 
A long, long time ago I was summoned by a human, and we talked of many things. 
A lot has happened here, but now it's finally quiet. 
A lot of my friends are being drained right now. 
A lot of souls have been gathering in the Labyrinth. 
A lurks in the room ahead. 
A magazine said that the conflict between the Gaea and Messiah cults is a war between gods and demons. 
A malevolent device, fitting of the Moirae Sisters. 
A man in red was looking around here for someone. 
A man who envisions a world of silence Ahriman, god of the void, lends him strength. 
A man's greed is like fire. While it is small, it is warm and comfortable. 
A mere coincidence, or the hand of fate? With the Scripture in his possession, he obtained the Wheel of Amala. 
A mere girl on a power trip A self-indulgent brat They can't handle creation! 
A new demon of darkness has been born. 
A new world shall be created, no matter which Reason prevails 'Tis a joyous occasion! 
A painless world because emotions do not control it. 
A puny wimp like you won't be able to get in. 
A riot broke out yesterday at Yoyogi Park, regarding the construction of a communications tower. 
A seems to have been raised. 
A short while back, a human came along. He was young. 
A smooth talker like that would be popular with the ladies! 
A stone such as this can cast a shadow on my arcane art 
A strong presence can be felt from behind the door. 
A task as endless as scooping water out of the sea with a cup He was condemned to wander the infinite span of time. 
A tower coming from Kagutsuchi, the Obelisk shrinking It's all weird. 
A turtle walks up to you. 
A vicious-looking Manikin passed by a short while back. 
A vicious-looking Manikin walked into the construction site. 
A voice echoes in your head 
A voice echoes through the hall 
A voice rings out of nowhere 
A woman you know well prayed to a god in hopes of saving the world 
A world full of peachy Manikins 
A world that loses its power will fade away into nothingness. 
A world without hierarchy, where everyone lives equally in peace *chuckle* 
A young man yearning to live in solitude His strength comes from Noah, the wandering god. 
A young woman who values power above all else The god Baal Avatar has descended upon her. 
ALRIGHT, I WILL HELP YOU CREATE THE WORLD! 
About negotiating Well, I dunno all the details, so I can't tell you anything specific. 
About the Nightmare System I've got good news. 
About the old Manikin that was here 
Above He's on the 5th floor 
According to our comrades, there's a bunch of traps on the floors above. 
According to the report, there's a group of demon worshippers who call themselves the Gaea cult 
Acquire ten of them for a raffle. You can also use them in any of the Junk Shops. 
Actually, humans can be crueler than you think, even crueler than demons 
Add Candelabrum of Foundation to inventory? 
Add Candelabrum of Sovereignty to inventory? 
Add which candelabrum to your inventory? 
After all, only you can be at the center of your world, right? 
After climbing steep paths, falling, scraping knees, finally 
After that, a female human passed by. 
After the incident, we've had a lot of lookee-loos, but not so many customers. 
After this event, the world will become a Vortex. 
After we finish off the mud puppets, Lady 's god shall descend upon us. 
After we went our separate ways, I started thinking. 
After years a pokin' around, I finally located the treasure right here! But 
After you went inside, the sky lit right up. It was like magic! 
Ah Don't Don't talk to me! 
Ah! But, now you're a demon! 
Ah, I have committed murder once again. 
Ah, it has such a sweet ring to it. 
Ah, whatever Pixies, deal with him! 
Ahaha If you want her back, you must defeat us. 
Ahaha Were you able to keep up with Kagutsuchi? 
All I see is darkness inside you 
All I wanted was to be like the legendary King! Scary, yet cute 
All of a sudden, I was blinded by a bright light, and the next thing I knew, I was here in this room. 
All of the candelabra have been lit 
All of the demons are celebrating the birth of the new demon of darkness, 
All of the humans are gone, though. 
All of the power that lay dormant inside you has now been unleashed. 
All of you who have lurked in darkness and waited faithfully for this day, hear me 
All possibility has dried up in this world 
All that's left is to finish off that arrogant mud puppet, Futomimi 
All the Magatsuhi from the Amala Network comes from here. 
All the Magatsuhi is mine! That's what he yells all the time. 
All the Mantra demons are there. May their souls rest in peace 
All the inhabitants of this world will follow before long. 
All the members of Mantra are being drained of their Magatsuhi! 
All the pillars have been lowered. 
All the torture must have gotten to him. He doesn't want to move. 
All things have a front and a back, and only by knowing both sides can you fully understand them. 
All this time, you've just been running away trying to leave everything behind. 
All we can do is hide and tremble in fear! 
All we have to do now is summon our god, and we will receive the Reason of Shijima! 
Allow me to give you this. 
Allow me to judge your power!! 
Allow me to tell you one thing, if you don't mind 
Alright Let's do it this way. 
Alright then, let's get outta here! 
Alright! I'll help you get through, nice and easy! 
Alright! This time, let's try the cross-formation! 
Alright! You know how to make things fun! 
Alright, I'll do the best I can to get you outta there. 
Alright, I'll persuade the gatekeeper to let you through. 
Alright, I'll tell you something you might wanna know 
Alright, I'm gonna count to three. That's how long you've got to come up with a plan. 
Alright, keep it up. I'll just kick back. 
Alright, let me try something. Gimme a minute. 
Alright, let's continue. It was about your opponent, right? 
Alright, one more. Pick any one that ya like. 
Alright, they fell for it! You ready? 
Alrighty! I guess I'll stay with you a little longer! 
Also, , the top executive of Cybers Communication, is still missing. 
Also, accidents often occur when Kagutsuchi is at its brightest. 
Also, if you level up a demon and register it, you will be able to summon it at that level. 
Also, in some cases, you may end up with a completely different demon than you expected. 
Although, I believe your destiny is to fight alongside us. 
Am I that peculiar? Have you been living all your demon life in a cave? 
Amala Network: Medical Center 5F sub-terminal 
Amala Network: Medical Center main terminal 
An intruder got this far? I hope Commander Hikawa isn't slipping! 
And 4 of 'em, on top of that. 
And I alone will carry the burden of its sin. 
And I am not the only one! 
And I don't know what it's gonna be like when it does get reborn 
And I mean, mop the floor!! 
And I opened the way without anybody's help. 
And I was right Looks like I hit the jackpot. 
And Kagutsuchi, the light that watches over the Vortex World as well as creation 
And all those that we called comrades have deserted us. 
And by deciphering the symbols on it, 
And he's got lots of it, that's for sure. 
And here I was wondering what kind of demon was trespassing Why, you're only a harmless child! 
And if you call I will rise from the depths of hell to assist you 
And if you try to force your way through, you'll run into even more trouble! 
And it is your fate that you will live through the Conception. 
And judging by your appearance you've gained considerable power. 
And lastly, there's a fire demon. Make sure to use to win. 
And most likely that network is connected to where Hikawa is. 
And not just that An entire legion of my best troops awaits you! 
And now, over to Kei for the latest in sports! 
And now, time has met her death. 
And now, you have been born a second time 
And that's where Hikawa will be. 
And the other one looks like a cross. 
And the reason he was able to make his plot a reality 
And the war still rages on, even as we speak. 
And those lights on the bridges are Pixies. 
And ultimately, he reached beyond the scope of mankind and plotted the creation of the world. 
And when his wish comes true 
And you are the one who will accomplish that. 
And you weren't attacked by oni??? 
And, I clean up after them 
And, you shall eventually join him in the afterlife Now, let us pray. 
Any who enter the territory of the Mantra will be tried. 
Anybody would assume that this is the core of Nihilo. 
Anything is possible in the vast ocean of Amala. 
Anyway, don't keep us waiting, okay? 
Anyway, let's report this to everyone! 
Anyway, once again I'm aiming to be the best! 
Anyway, they believe in this book of prophecy called the Scripture of Miroku. 
Anyways I entrust you with finding that Bill. 
Anyways, I'm glad to see that you're okay. 
Anyways, like I suspected, the terminal here isn't under Nihilo's surveillance. 
Anyways, this isn't the time for Chiaki! Get someone over here! 
Apathy is not the answer! We must fight for what we believe in!! 
Aradia is a tragic savior born of dreams. 
Are the Mantra Is Gozu-Tennoh's rule over? 
Are there are other humans out there? 
Are those Manikins up to something? 
Are we Manikins made just to feel pain!? 
Are we all going to die? 
Are we fallen ones to blame? Or is it the fault of those who cast us down? 
Are we that peculiar to you? 
Are you a follower of Musubi? 
Are you attempting to lower this pillar? 
Are you done with your prayers? I will cut off any attachments you have to this world! 
Are you feeling better? Here's some more 
Are you going to Yoyogi Park to participate in the demonstration? 
Are you gonna let the world keep tossing you around, like a leaf in the wind? 
Are you heading to Yoyogi Park, too? 
Are you here because you heard that Commander Hikawa is summoning a god? 
Are you here knowing that this is , home of the Mantra? 
Are you here to see me? 
Are you here to tell him to hurry up and summon Mara??? 
Are you looking for something, too? 
Are you okay with being used all the time? 
Are you planning to continue on ahead, mister? I wouldn't! 
Are you ready? Then, let's start! 
Are you stupid? I hate this place!! 
Are you sure you want to subject yourself to the 'trial of power'? 
Are you sure? Okay, suit yourself. 
Are you sympathizing with the mud puppets!? 
Are you that demon everyone is talking about? 
Are you the Demi-fiend that beat ? 
Are you the Fiend who has been seduced by the power of darkness? 
Are you the one who slew my partners and awakened me!? 
Are you trying to get to Ikebukuro, too? 
Argh, ouch ouch ouch! Light I need to find light! 
Argh, ouch ouch ouch! Light Need to find light 
Argh, why did it have to be me!? Anyone else could be guard! 
As I said, a deal's a deal. Hold on a sec. 
As Yuko looks up into the sky, an explosion occurs. 
As a demon, you are forbidden to conceive your own Reason 
As a fellow human, your heart would compel you to chase away the beast and rescue the victim. 
As a follower of Yosuga, I must annihilate you! 
As a matter of fact I just saw one go down to the basement. 
As a token of our appreciation, take this. 
As another friend to drink mead with, I shall tell thee something interesting. 
As believers of Yosuga, let us decide who the strongest is! 
As fate would have it, we are both beyond shedding tears. 
As followers of Yosuga, it is not to be tolerated. 
As for me, I'll prove I'm right by creating the world of Musubi. 
As for the result of his efforts you already know the outcome. 
As he was heading to the hospital where you already were, the Conception began and his life ended. 
As if! He's got all those bad rumors about him floating around! 
As long as he's here, it's not gonna be easy to get out of this hospital. 
As long as they're here, you won't be able to catch even a glimpse of the Maiden. 
As long as thou seekest the candelabra thou art mine enemy 
As long as we have to deal with this pettiness, it will be impossible to create a beautiful world. 
As long as you do not assist him, his evil plans will surely fail. 
As long as you have your candelabrum, you will eventually come across the others. 
As long as you've got that demon with you, I can't sell you mine. Come back after you get rid of it. 
As minister, I am always doing my best when fusing. 
As much as I want to know what's going on out there, I don't think it's safe for me to walk around. 
As my first target, I have selected Ikebukuro, the home of Mantra's headquarters. 
As of now, your will to live shall be sustained. 
As soon as I seize control of Amala, it'll all be over 
As the Maiden, I just do Hikawa's bidding. 
As the Maiden, I'll take part in the creation of the new world 
As the one responsible for the destruction of the old world, it's my duty to shape the new one. 
As you can see, Tokyo has now become a . 
Asakusa is north of the exit. 
Ask me anytime if you want to get through. 
At Kabukicho Prison, they drain Magatsuhi out of the Manikins. 
At Kabukicho Prison, they squeeze every last ounce of Magatsuhi out of us Manikins. 
At last, you have restored all of the candelabra to their rightful places. 
At last, you have subjugated every species of demon in this land 
At our master's command, we will rise to the heavens once again. 
At our master's request, I have been waiting for you 
At the time, I didn't know what that meant 
At the very least, I'd like to have some leisure time to enjoy shopping! 
At this point, all I care about is what that old geezer has up his sleeve. Here, take it. 
At this point, you still lack the strength. 
At this rate, a world of Musubi will be created. 
Avoid Pixies at all costs. They'll just cause you trouble. 
Aw, forget it! I'll never understand 
Awaken, o mighty one Hear my words 
Awww! I knew you wanted to be with me. 
Ayakashi Monthly I've never heard of it before. 
Ayakashi Monthly? Never heard of it. Is it new? 
B-BOOOOOOOOM! THIS IS THE SHRINE OF EAT! ALL-I-CAN-EAT!! 
BOTHER ME AND YOU'LL BE ALL-I-CAN-BEAT!! B-B-BOOOOOM!!! 
Back then, the world looked so sad to me. 
Bad news about that guy is that he has . 
Baphomet and the Manikins ran away. 
Be careful not to be picked on. 
Be careful, and stray not from the path that you believe in 
Be careful, the fairies have all gone crazy. 
Be forewarned, demon who was once human. 
Be it a new world, it is still Tokyo 
Be it so, he shan't travel far! 
Because I'm poor, I can't remember. But 
Because of that, the guards at Kabukicho Prison are running wild. 
Because of that, we are on the verge of destruction. 
Because of your name, you will carry the burden of plague, pain, and ridicule. 
Because of your name, you will live a life of betrayal, rejection, and defeat. 
Because we tried to take part in creation 
Because you are a true friend, I shall wield my strength fully. Surely, you feel the same 
Because you are the paladin of the Reason of Yosuga, 
Before I allow you to pass through, I shall test your luck. 
Before I allow you to pass through, I shall test your magic. 
Before I allow you to pass through, I shall test your strength. 
Before we were cursed, a human girl came here. 
Begone, demon! It is we, the Assembly of Nihilo, who will create the new world!! 
Begone, demon! May you be cursed eternally! 
Begone, demon! My light, searing with anger, shall wipe you from existence! 
Behold I wield the power of , god of the void. 
Behold the supreme power of darkness, created by none other than the Great Will himself 
Being a demon must be hard. 
Being a slave is miserable That's why we escaped to this underpass 
Believe no one. The truth is within you! You've heard it all before, right? 
Below here is where the Nihilo hide all their treasure. 
Besides the two demons that are fused, an additional demon is sacrificed in the process. 
Besides, I'd like to spend some time studying this object. 
Besides, their Commander probably has everything already calculated out! 
Beware of a Manikin named . 
Beyond here is our motherland, where we were born 
Beyond the truth waits the demon in charge of this place. 
Black Frost couldn't join you because your party was full 
Black Frost joined you without your consent 
Both of you are free to do whatever you want 
Bound by the invisible threads of fate, humans die tragic deaths 
Boy, I sure see a lot of humans today. 
Broke the seal for all pyramids. 
But I believe in you, . 
But I need to defeat Mizuchi to escape from the mirage 
But I'm burning with passion for dancing! 
But I'm in Asakusa, so why should I get all excited? 
But The Amala Network is exactly that: a network. 
But alas, we are utterly powerless 
But at this rate, my Reason will be lost 
But even now, no one believes me! 
But even then, they got dragged into the war over Magatsuhi 
But even within that cult, he was regarded as a heretic. 
But first, I must know the extent of the power of darkness you hold within. 
But first, let me reward you. Please accept this gift. 
But first, we have to defeat the three gods in our way, so we can get our hands on the Magatsuhi. 
But first, you must return to your world and increase your strength 
But if you lose you'll have to give me half of what you've got. 
But if you want, I can send you to where I met . 
But in your case, I should have expected the unexpected. 
But instead, you decided to oppose me That was too funny. 
But now, I'm worried about Ms. . We should make sure she's okay. 
But right now, there's nothing I can do 
But that was a looooong time ago. 
But the network is in a bad mood, as you can see. 
But there's a rumor that they're hiding . 
But unfortunately, we have orders from Lord Hikawa. 
But what does he do in case of a bad prediction? 
But when I met that girl, the words just slipped out of my mouth 
But yeah, I didn't think Lady would be defeated 
But you have absolutely nothing, right? That's no fun. 
But, I cannot let you go any further. 
But, I don't want you to meet the same fate. 
But, I guess instead my duty was to choose you. 
But, I have an idea why you're really here. 
But, I haven't given up just yet. If he makes a move, it may give us some clues. 
But, I heard some group stole it I don't know the details, though. 
But, I know you can do it. 
But, I sense something different about you 
But, I swear I've seen him somewhere before Hmmm 
But, I think he'll come out if his partners are defeated. 
But, I won't be as easy as the white knight. 
But, I wonder if you can get in from the east side? 
But, I'll give you some time. Make it fun for me. 
But, I'll hook you up, so come on by after I open! 
But, I'm gonna charge you Macca. Alright? 
But, I'm not gonna play with you anymore. 
But, I'm not interested in it. I'm only interested in man-made items. 
But, I'm sick and tired of living how everybody else wants me to live. 
But, I'm too scared to go in, hee ho! The fire's hot, too 
But, I've changed my thinking, and I'm going to continue on with my life. 
But, It would be nice if those annoying groups like Shijima and Yosuga disappeared. 
But, actually, no one really uses them 
But, allow me to give you this. 
But, an Emperor needs to be cold! No mercy! 
But, another power is being born that can potentially bring our efforts to naught. 
But, as strong as you are, you'll never beat you-know-who. I'm too afraid to say his name! 
But, darest thou, a demon, attempt to create the new world? 
But, do not dare to oppose me. If you do You can imagine the consequences. 
But, don't let that stop you from trying! 
But, even I can't forgive Cybers Communication for destroying the park for their own profits! 
But, even after they died, their souls lingered. And likewise their emotions. 
But, even if we let this old world continue to exist, it would eventually lose all of its power. 
But, even you're not tough enough to go near the Diet Building. 
But, everyone attacks me out of jealousy all the time. 
But, fire eventually grows into flames, devouring everything in its path. 
But, he was much madder and fiercer 
But, he won't get in my way again. 
But, he's dead, so I could care less now. 
But, hee hee ho ho! This place is scary! 
But, how did a run-of-the-mill Jack Frost get so much power? 
But, how did you stop the Nightmare System? Wasn't that Maiden operating it? 
But, if it weren't for that, the demons would be at each other's throats. 
But, if you do find a way out, please let me know! 
But, if you feel that fate has cheated you then go and see our master. 
But, if you get too close, you'll be arrested. 
But, if you get too involved, you won't be able to turn back, you know? 
But, if you have doubts about the laws of the universe about fate, or the providence of the Absolute One 
But, if you lack the strength to do so 
But, if you take too much time, the floor will crumble beneath you. 
But, if you underestimate us, you will not live to regret it! 
But, if you wish to live as a demon 
But, if you're for Musubi, I've got the perfect job for you. 
But, if you're unlucky, the contents will change. 
But, in shadow lies a world where those branded as false gather, 
But, it might be inconvenient for him to remain nameless. 
But, it reminds me of something Buddhists use 
But, it seems we were destined to meet again. 
But, it seems you don't have enough. 
But, it worked out for the best. 
But, it's being closely guarded by three demons. 
But, it's gonna get a lot more dangerous from here. 
But, it's no good! I gotta be madder and fiercer! 
But, it's times like these when the unexpected occurs. 
But, it's too late now. You can't escape my punishment 
But, it's too late. You cannot stop the advent of my god. 
But, keep this in mind. I have no idea what things will be like in Ginza now. 
But, knowing Commander Hikawa, he probably already has something up his sleeve. 
But, knowing Lord Hikawa, it probably isn't a problem for him 
But, looking at Tokyo as a whole, we see Nihilo taking over, and that's no laughing matter. 
But, my god has been protecting me since then, and I'm doing much better now. 
But, no holding back now. I, Momunofu, will kick your ass! 
But, no matter what you say, I won't change my mind. 
But, no one who has gone looking for it has ever come back alive 
But, not for one minute have I forgotten the rage that I felt on that day. 
But, nothing new was being made. Time passed, and nothing changed. 
But, now I'm lost. What to do? 
But, only one will exit. Here, might makes right. 
But, our battle is still unfinished. 
But, please be aware that the candelabra have a tendency to attract each other. 
But, reason won't work with those Mantra guys! You probably figured that out already. 
But, remember that it'll cost you money to summon a demon. 
But, since I agree with the Reason of Yosuga, I shall protect her. 
But, since Yosuga is the Reason of the strong, I'll see what I can do on my own first. 
But, something's kinda weird This one feels different than the others. I wonder why? 
But, sometimes I feel a strange presence around there. 
But, thanks to that, the demons here don't cause any real trouble. 
But, that just ain't gonna cut it! 
But, that privilege was taken away from Hijiri. 
But, the Order of Messiah wouldn't accept that, and a conflict erupted. 
But, the Order of Messiah, brainwashed by a jealous god, won't allow us to do so. 
But, the enemy will gain the upper hand if you do the opposite! 
But, the four Devas are reeeeeeally strong, so be careful 
But, the pillars holding it up are guarded by the four Devas, and they're ultra-powerful. 
But, there hasn't been a single being that's escaped the Mantra's clutches once they've been caught! 
But, there is no need to fear. The Gaea cult will ensure our survival! 
But, there is nothing to worry about. 
But, there must be a world out there where freedom prevails 
But, there's no need to help. We have 'their' protection. 
But, there's one obstacle you've yet to overcome 
But, there's still a strong demon in the . 
But, they made Thor angry and were kicked out. 
But, they were stolen by terrible Fiends. 
But, this future is only one of many possibilities. The future is not written in stone. 
But, this place was bustling with Manikins just a short while back. 
But, this place was filled with tons of Magatsuhi just a moment ago. 
But, those who live on the fringe say 
But, thy Tokyo is a Tokyo my light cannot reach. 
But, to tell you the truth Deep down inside, I've always wondered what it'd be like to feel warmth and kindness 
But, was this place really that important? 
But, we can also feel pain, you know. 
But, we don't have anything to do with it! 
But, we have a heart too, y'know! We can feel pain like anyone else. 
But, we serve the fallen angel in order to rise above that fate. 
But, we should not fear this. 
But, we were done in by that devil summoner 
But, we weren't the first ones here 
But, we worked together to build this city. 
But, we'll clean it all up, because it's our city! 
But, we're busy at the moment. Let's come back later. 
But, which way is it? North or south, east or west? Good luck finding it. 
But, while I was locked up in this room, I came to realize. 
But, you can do without it, can't you? 
But, you can't get in, so there's nothing to see. 
But, you can't get into that section from here. 
But, you can't get there from here. 
But, you could get even stronger if you to other demons and get them on your side. 
But, you must first demonstrate that you are worthy of my help 
But, you need the , stakes that control the Magatsuhi in this structure, to get to him. 
But, you really shouldn't trust people so easily I'm actually helping you out here. 
But, you shall fall into despair this time 
But, you will never be able to find our commander, or the Maiden. 
But, you're best off not goin' near the Diet Building. 
But, you've overcome these obstacles and saved me. 
But, your luck ends here. How now, mad spirit! 
By casting aside your humanity, you became the living incarnation of bane itself. 
By deciphering the symbols on the drum, he gained access to the Amala Universe 
By doing so, a life of repose would in turn be promised to them. 
By gum! I means ter say Da world IS round, but it got round-er, ya see!? 
By gum! Lately, I've been havin' me a recurrin' dream 
By gum! Why doesn't anyone believe me? *hic* 
By gum! You wouldn't be Naw! *hic* 
By his will, I shall destroy you!! 
By my master's orders, I'll treat your wounds. 
By my sword of flames, thy body shall be reduced to ashes! 
By offering another demon as a sacrifice, you can use 'sacrificial fusion'. 
By placing it in the appropriate location, you will be able to delve deeper into the Labyrinth. 
By the order of Thor No, out of respect for your power, 
By the way Do you wanna have a good time with me??? 
By the way I got this from a demon for 60 Macca the other day. 
By the way Where'd you come from? 
By the way, I know exactly where it is. 
By the way, did you not encounter a large number of souls in this realm? 
By the way, do you happen to know what's going on in Ikebukuro? 
By the way, have you come across any yet? 
By the way, the shutter doesn't seem to open from this side. 
By the way, the shutter won't open unless you press the button. 
By the way, you couldn't get into the park before, right? 
By the will of Amala, he was given a life of torment 
By this woman's wish, I have come to create the kingdom of Yosuga 
By using attacks that the enemy is weak against, you'll be able to attack more frequently. 
C'mon, before anyone comes! Gimme 200 Macca 
C'mon, c'mon, c'mon! You better keep it up, or you'll be dead! 
CAPITAL PUNISHMENT! THERE IS NO OTHER CHOICE. 
Can I have it then, since you have no use for it? 
Can a human with the strength of a demon 
Can you go and beat them? It makes it easier on me. 
Can you hear me? Answer me! Can you hear me now? 
Can you help me out by buying lots of stuff, hee ho? 
Can't get Magatsuhi from demons. You lucked out, punk!! 
Can't you tell the difference, fool!? 
Candelabrum of Foundation to its rightful place. 
Careful not to die out there! 
Chaos will reign, as you desired, since no new world was forged. 
Check it out, there's a hole in the ceiling. 
Check it out, there's a hole in the floor. 
Chiaki's in the lobby, right? Let's meet up there. Peace out! 
Choose, the voice said to me. 
Clotho is the 'spinner' Um, what was Lachesis? Atropos is the 'inevitable' 
Come back anytime if you'd like to talk to me again. 
Come back anytime. I'll try my best to find more items! 
Come back if ya change yer mind. I'll still be here 
Come back if you change your mind. 
Come back if you change your mind. I'll be here. 
Come back to the Cathedral of Shadows once you have collected all the Magatama. 
Come back when you have more money, okay? 
Come forth from the depths of shadow 
Come join me at Amala Temple. It's just down this passageway. 
Come on, he can't do that. 
Come on, man. Journalism is pointless without an audience. 
Come on, you even beat me! 
Come on, you should know better than that. 
Come see me anytime. I'll tell you all about the . 
Come to think of it, I stopped hearing that woman scream 
Come to think of it, this is your first time seeing the new Tokyo, is it not? 
Come to think of it, this was a hospital, wasn't it? I see, you came to visit her. 
Come to think of it, you were born in the room up ahead, weren't you? 
Come, see it with your own eyes. 
Commander Hikawa has ordered me to assist you in your quest. 
Commander Hikawa has summoned the famous god, Ahriman 
Commander Hikawa is in the room behind me. 
Commander Hikawa is just so clever! 
Commander Hikawa is on Floor B15 of the core. 
Commander Hikawa is on the top floor, summoning his god. 
Commander Hikawa is the supreme ruler of the battle for creation. 
Commander Hikawa is wonderful. All shall be bliss 
Commander Hikawa will do anything to realize his creation. 
Commander Hikawa's god is finally here. 
Commander Hikawa's god will soon descend upon us. 
Could it be the human girl who witnessed the fall of the Mantra!? 
Could it be? Might someone have bumped off Forneus? 
Could ya spare one a them demons a yers? If ya do, I promise ta split the treasure with ya! 
Create a new world? Sounds scary! 
Creation is a battle without an enemy. 
Creation is forbidden to them, and their very existence will be denied once the new world has been born, but 
Creation is the act of bringing a new world into existence, made possible by the annihilation of the old world. 
Curse you! How have you made it past all of that unscathed? 
DO YOU WISH FOR A DEMON'S HEART, EVEN IF YOU WILL BE BOUND TO DESPAIR IN IMPENETRABLE DARKNESS? 
Dammit! I haven't seen the Commander or the Maiden at all. 
Dammit! Let me out! This is hell! 
Damn it, I better not stick around much longer 
Damn it, what am I saying? Why am I getting all emotional? 
Damn it, you should be dead I won't let you have the power of Amala!! 
Damn that kid What was he saying about being the master of Amala's power? 
Damn those demons. How long do they plan to keep me locked up? 
Damn, even you couldn't pull through I was counting on that demonic power of yours 
Damn, you had me scared for a second I thought those Manikins were back. 
Dang! A promise is a promise!! Take it!! 
Dang! You're pretty tough makin' it through that tunnel! 
Darkness has an effect on things. 
Darkness is great It's where the real you is being suppressed. 
Darkness is the source of your power now 
Darkness is your suppressed desires. There's no need to be ashamed. Let it loose! 
Darn! I wanted to see that 
Darn! If only Forneus wasn't here! Hope he didn't hear that 
Deathstones are cursed stones that call upon death. 
Defeat him and save Futomimi, please!! 
Delivering the candelabra to the Labyrinth of Amala is just as grave a sin. 
Demi-fiend A force to be reckoned with 
Demon is strength. Strength is demon. 
Demon's are scary, right?? They attack people, right??? 
Demons and humans are no exception; they have simply been cogwheels in the infernal machine called war. 
Demons and shady stores may ask for gems, but it all comes down to Macca. 
Demons are scary, right?? They attack people, right??? 
Demons eat us to gain Magatsuhi. 
Demons stick together, so defeat the demons in the way first 
Demons who only believe in power are not permitted! 
Demons with the skill can can supposedly find stuff by just walking around outside. 
Denied again! I wonder if a strong demon would ever pass by here *sigh* 
Depending on how things turn out, maybe we'll meet again. 
Despite saying that he was tired of it all, he still went to the Tower of Kagutsuchi. 
Did he get a bunch of Magatsuhi from somewhere? Weird. 
Did it not seem odd to you, 
Did they change, just like Tokyo did? Hmmm 
Did you bring me the spoon? 
Did you come here after Commander Hikawa? 
Did you come here from the Great Underpass? 
Did you hear about the riot?! Three people died, right??? Eeek! I'm so scared!! 
Did you hear the rumor about Yoyogi Park? 
Did you hear??? About Shinjuku Medical Center 
Did you know that Ms. is the Maiden? That's what I wanted to tell you when I got caught, but 
Did you meet the Manikin who collects junk? 
Did you meet the young man in the back room? 
Did you see that demon flying around the lobby? 
Did you think they would be able to do what you couldn't? 
Didn't I tell you before? I won't be used by demons. 
Dirty punks like you go over there!! 
Do me a favor? Could you look for Isamu? I wanna get outta here already. 
Do not lose sight of the truth, Demi-fiend. Your struggle against death is futile. 
Do not obey others; do what you believe is right. 
Do not stray away from your belief 
Do you fear the deceit, the torment? 
Do you fear the suffering and humiliation? 
Do you find yourself in need of guidance? 
Do you have the resolve to face us in battle? 
Do you have time to spare? 
Do you hear it? The screaming of a woman, coming from above? 
Do you know about , the shop that will trade gems for items? 
Do you know about the ultimate Magatama? 
Do you know if you're in the position of that draft horse? 
Do you know what a Demonic Compendium is? 
Do you know what cause you serve? 
Do you know what happened to the world? 
Do you know why Magatsuhi exists? 
Do you know why you've been unable to obtain your Reason? 
Do you not sense something wicked in the air? 
Do you realize which path your actions are leading you down? 
Do you really think I resort to violence!? 
Do you see the other Assembly of Nihilo building across the railroad tracks? 
Do you still need something, hee ho? 
Do you still want to sell, hee ho? 
Do you think he can find his way out of here? 
Do you think it's wrong to kill until your heart's content? 
Do you think my life was a success? 
Do you understand what is happening? 
Do you want me to transfer you to where is? 
Do you want to hear it? 
Do you want your life to be predestined as well, or would you rather choose your own actions? 
Do you wish to link it? 
Does it bother you that much? 
Does that mean you have the ? 
Does that seem fair to you? 
Does this shutter only open from the other side, hee ho? 
Don't ask me why I shrank in size, either. Okay, hee ho? 
Don't be jealous. Let's just say that I know how to apply myself. 
Don't bother me when I'm dancing! 
Don't bother trying to interfere. You are powerless within this warded area. 
Don't bug me when I'm dancing! Don't you know a dancing queen when you see one!? 
Don't do anything funny! Gots that? Don't do anything funny! 
Don't forget about us when creating the world. 
Don't get too close! It's dangerous! 
Don't go talkin' to me if you don't have anything to say, you dumbass! 
Don't just beat all the demons. Try to them, and get them to join you. 
Don't keep me locked up in here! Let me fight! 
Don't keep me waiting, alright ? 
Don't let him catch you off-guard! 
Don't talk to me if you've got nothing to say! Speaking makes me even thirstier! *cough* 
Don't tell me you came to save me. You're way too late. 
Don't worry Nothing phases me anymore. 
Don't worry. Like you said, it's my decision. I'm the one in charge here. 
Don't you agree, that the world should be ruled by serenity? 
Don'tcha think that Hikawa guy's cool? 
Dost thou have the capacity to find my true self? 
Dost thou swear not to take part in the creation? 
Dreaming a dream of power That's your sin. 
Dude! You scared the crap outta me, ! Why'd you startle me like that!? 
Dude, forget it. Only someone strong like me can go in there! 
Dummy event for checking; terminal menu will be displayed in the actual game. 
EEEEK!! I need to text message my boyfriend!! 
Each Magatama's powers are unique, giving their host new skills. 
Earth. They merged with the earth and took shape one after another. 
Eeeek! A demon! There's a demon!! 
Either way, it doesn't look like you brought her back 
Either way, there's no point anymore. The that once wandered this world aimlessly is dead. 
Either way, you have to beat the three gods and get to allow you in. 
End your dealings with the fallen angel, before your heart is consumed by darkness! 
Enjoy the waltz and pageantry the High Pixies of our kingdom are famed for 
Eternal prosperity is possible through my power alone 
Even I cannot handle this man 
Even after drifting to the farthest reaches of Amala, they still cannot let go of the past. 
Even if I win, I'll be sent to Kabukicho 
Even if it may cost you what is left of your humanity? 
Even if our headquarters was attacked, even if we lost the Nightmare System 
Even if someone were to make it that far, they'd be killed anyway. 
Even if the world of Musubi can't be created 
Even if we can't create the world of Musubi 
Even if we could get out, there's demons like that everywhere! 
Even if we owe you our lives, I cannot allow you past here. 
Even if you are a newcomer, it is crime enough that you've shown us such flagrant disrespect! 
Even if you do manage to get in, there's no telling where you'll end up 
Even if you make it to Floor B15, 'he' is guarding Commander Hikawa. 
Even if you say no, I'll still have faith in you. 
Even if you think you've found a dead-end, make absolutely sure before you try another direction. 
Even if you win, you'll still have to face a blood-thirsty demon next. 
Even if you're strong, you won't be able to beat him alone! 
Even now, many of our people are suffering at the hands of the Mantra. 
Even though I nearly killed you, you've tracked me down to obtain the answers you seek. 
Even though I will die here, Yosuga is Y-Yosuga is 
Even though the Mantra fell, there's still loads of Manikins being held here. 
Even you would have a hard time getting through here 
Event is left as step 1. 
Ever heard of the Gaea cult? 
Ever since I fell into Nihilo's trap, my spirit has been drifting. 
Every one of you has worked hard for our peace, ever since we escaped from the Mantra. 
Everybody has kindness in their heart. 
Everybody here is waiting for the final battle. 
Everybody runs right by here just like you, not even giving a second glance to a poor old guy on the side of the road. 
Everybody will be able to live as they want to in the world of Musubi. 
Everyone around here keeps arguing about Gaea and Messiah, whatever those are 
Everyone headed to Asakusa, where Futomimi is. 
Everyone here left, following a god called Noah. 
Everyone is doing their best to restore the city. 
Everyone outside of this hospital will perish. 
Everyone went up. I don't think you'll find a soul down below. 
Everyone's so dang crabby, even after the riot! 
Everything from here on is under the Assembly of Nihilo's direct control! 
Everything is his will Everything changes at his will 
Ew! Those gunky Pretas are inside! Here, let me talk in their nappy native language 
Exterminate all who interfere with his plan, 
FIenDs aRe baD! FiEnds ARe trASH! 
False info is pretty common in the occult industry. If it does turn out to be wrong, just laugh it off, okay? 
False seeker of power, you are evil incarnate! 
Farewell. I hereby pledge to lend you my power 
Fate has drawn us together How romantic! *blush* 
Fate is drawn to a strong will, it seems. 
Feel free to buy them, if you'd like. 
Feel the wrath of god, disciple of darkness!! 
Fiend, accomplice to the fallen angel 
Finally Finally, the Reason of Shijima will be conceived! 
Finally, Ahriman, the god of Shijima, has descended upon us! 
Finally, a Reason has been conceived. 
Finally, allow me to ask thee, demon. 
Finally, it's time to head for Kagutsuchi! 
Finally, we have orders to attack Nihilo. 
Find him and grab a . 
First it was a human girl, and now it's a new demon. What next!? 
First off, there's a demon that's strong against Force attacks. Its weakness is . 
First that conceited jerk, and now an ! 
First, the skills carried over changes every time you select the demons to be fused. 
Fool who bears the name Freedom 
Fool who bears the name Freedom! 
For a future without discrimination! For a city our children can play in!! 
For example, I sell Magatama as well. 
For example, here's what's going on right now in the Vortex World: 
For reals?! Eh, just as long as there are no ghosts. I'm so scared of ghosts! 
For shops, I recommend the . They have creepy ceremonies there. 
For some reason, time felt like it was just flying by. 
For some reason, you cannot go inside the X-ray room. 
For some, they became what they longed to be For others, a side of them that they abhored surfaced. 
For the first time in my life, I had the urge to kill. 
For the future of all demons of chaos!! 
For the one who will shape the world, this cannot be. 
For this feat, I shall grant you audience. 
Forget it. Let's just stop this battle here. 
Forget your worries and move on. 
Former members of Mantra could be involved, but most likely, they wouldn't try anything without a leader. 
Forneus is there, so there's no way we could get out 
Forneus thinks this hospital is all his. 
Frankly, it never crossed my mind before 
Freedom is the cliff that overlooks the abyss, the valley of the shadow of death. 
Freedom is the seed of disaster; its sole fruit is ruin. 
Freedom? Possibility? If you truly believe in them, then why do you seek the way of creation? 
From chaos comes strength. From strength comes demon. 
From here, one formation looks like an X. 
From now on, if anything happens, let's meet up in stable places like the one you're in right now. 
From now on, use this compendium to your advantage. 
From the command menu ( button), you can view and ingest Magatama. 
From the darkness, the child and the old woman appear. 
From the moment us Manikins are born, we're destined to become slaves. 
From what I remember, you're not one of our followers who survived the purge at the park. 
Fusion is the ritual of fusing two demons together to form a new one. 
Futomimi is a prophet. He guides us with his prophecies. 
Futomimi is at our holy land of . Go and see him. 
Futomimi is being held captive at Kabukicho Prison! 
Futomimi is dead Creation of a new world by the Manikins is now impossible. 
Futomimi is deep inside Mifunashiro, praying to see the future. 
Futomimi is in our holy land of . Go and see him. 
Futomimi is in the back, meditating to see the future. 
Futomimi led the other Manikins out. 
Futomimi predicts the future at Mifunashiro regularly and leads the Manikins accordingly. 
Futomimi should be ready to give his prophecy at Mifunashiro. 
Futomimi's prophecies are also advice for those who hear them. 
Futomimi's prophecies have never been wrong. 
Futomimi, who leads us with prophecies, is still being held captive 
GO ON THEY ARE WAITING FOR YOU. 
Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhh!! Ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow!! 
Geez Everyone's so into this creation stuff. 
Geez Guess Ikebukuro IS busy, after all! 
Geez! I still haven't won it! 
Geez, that Hikawa is nothing but trouble! 
Geez, that must be some crazy demon, beating those four. 
Geez, those Mantra sure know how to mess things up! 
Geez, we've been having a lot of visitors lately! 
Get a from him and bring it back to me, alright? 
Get it? So, please leave us be. 
Getting Magatsuhi sucked out of me 
Getting here was tough, to say the least but I'm glad I made it. 
Getting killed just because the demons feel like it 
Getting to Asakusa is the easy part. Wait until you encounter 'bigger' problems there! 
Give me some cash, then I can hook you up with some hot babes. 
Glad to meet you, kid. I hope you feel the same. 
Glory be to the demon of darkness 
Glory be to the demon of light 
Glory be to the demon who walks the path untouched by both light and darkness 
Go ahead and wake up. It's time 
Go upstairs if you have business with the Maiden. 
Go! And see the world with your own eyes! 
Go, and see the world with your own eyes. From there r creation begin 
God spoke to us and foretold the destruction of Tokyo. 
Good luck You're gonna need it. 
Good timing. I keep killing and killing, but there are so many of them. 
Good! Looks like you're in a spot that gets good reception. 
Good. Looks like you're still safe. 
Good. One lives, one dies That's the way it should be. 
Gozu-Tennoh has ordered that no one is to pass. 
Gozu-Tennoh is at the top of this building. 
Gozu-Tennoh is gone. This prison now belongs to . 
Gozu-Tennoh is on the top floor. 
Gozu-Tennoh is the leader of the Mantra! 
Gozu-Tennoh is the leader of the demons in . 
Gozu-Tennoh is the leader of the demons in Ikeburo. 
Gozu-Tennoh isn't a pushover. You'd better be careful. 
Great timing! I have something to ask you 
Great, the entire park is closed. 
Grrrrr Are you a human, or a demon? 
Guess it's your turn to fight, huh? 
Guess the path to Kagutsuchi isn't going to be an easy one, after all. 
Guided by the wisdom of god, I shall create a new world, the kingdom of stillness. 
Guts don't mean shit if you ain't got the power to back it up! 
Guts don't mean shit, if you ain't got the power to back it up! 
H-How did you know!? Are you a master of clairvoyance? 
HOWEVER, YOU ARE NOT YET STRONG ENOUGH. 
Ha ha ha I got beat up pretty bad. 
Ha ha ha Try your best, kid 
Ha! I didn't think you'd actually be crazy enough to try and go there! 
Had a hard time figuring out those switches at the storehouse? 
Haha! I am the ! Behold my overflowing power! 
Hahaha Yeah, right! I'll give you all my money if you can do that. 
Hahaha Yeah, right! I'll give you all my money if you can do that. . 
Hahaha Yosuga will create the world!!!! 
Hahaha! World of stillness, my ass! Creation? Yeah, right! 
Hahahaha What took you so long? 
Hahahaha! Do you feel the power coursing through your body? 
Hahahaha! You've met an unlucky one, alright 
Hahahahaha So, have you figured out how the puzzle works? 
Hahahahaha You don't give up, do you? 
Hahahahaha! I'm sorry, I always wanted to say that. 
Hahahahaha! We aren't letting you pass that easily! 
Hand over the candelabrum! Be a good boy, and I'll take you to a world without limits!! 
Have it your way! Not my fault if something baaaad happens, okay? 
Have ya decided to gimme a demon? 
Have you been dragged into the World of Shadows? 
Have you been through the 12 Meters of Eternity yet? 
Have you been using the shafts that connect the Kalpa? 
Have you decided to come meet my master? 
Have you decided to join up with me? 
Have you ever seen a Jack Frost named ? 
Have you heard of the Tokyo rumor? 
Have you not seen it with your own eyes? 
Have you noticed the writing on the tombstones? 
Have you talked to either of them? 
Having to live like this again *sigh* Life is short 
He actually seemed to be doing okay in Amala. 
He asked me to give you this. I guess he found it somewhere and just took it. 
He believed that by challenging and overcoming death, 
He believes that he survived the Conception, and has acted accordingly. 
He decided to create a demon of chaos, one that would inherit his will 
He decided to take control of the inevitable--the death and rebirth of the world. 
He died the instant he became human. 
He died, but as fate would have it, he carried on in the Vortex World. 
He firmly believed that the ideal cannot be found in reality, 
He gave me this. Check it out. 
He had a giant sword on his back, and looked dangerous! 
He had so much Magatsuhi stored here. Funny Did he think that a mud doll could conceive a Reason? 
He hasn't come back yet, though. He'd better not be off fooling around. 
He is held by the old woman from behind, unable to move. 
He is not responding. It seems he is wrapped up in something. 
He is now on a journey to a new land of suffering, 
He is outside of the flow of time, a being without a name 
He is the god of absolute solitude. 
He is the one who led your world to destruction. 
He kept us cooped up in this place all the time. 
He likes things that humans used. If you want to meet him, he's downstairs. 
He lives a cursed eternal life, just like a demon. 
He locked the door, so the fairies that were outside are in a panic. 
He looks like one of the Horsemen of the Apocalypse! When will I ever feel at ease? 
He may be human, but he is very intelligent and dependable. 
He may be human, but he's a brilliant strategist. 
He may be up ahead. When you find him get yourself out 
He might be around here, so be careful! 
He might cause you some trouble, but please understand that he is not one of us. 
He might hit us with his hammer if we get near him. And I already have a pounding headache. 
He must have something to do with all this. 
He must have taken quite a beating. 
He probably became enchanted with Magatsuhi as he kept accessing those terminals. 
He replied, If you hate, you kill. That's the way we are. 
He sees the future by meditating. 
He shall release the hidden power of the Magatama that you have received. 
He should be on the second floor, where the patients' rooms are. 
He steals Magatsuhi from other Manikins and plans to rule other demons. What a dummy! 
He was a being toyed with by fate, 
He was caught because humans have lots of Magatsuhi. 
He was looking for a demon named . 
He was probably checking out the other Reasons first 
He was saying that the bell has the power to resurrect the dead. 
He'd still be victorious! He conceives plans as if he knows what events will take place. 
He'll probably give up, and then run home and cry about it. 
He's a great guy! Talks to himself like a weirdo But, general insanity aside, I like him. 
He's a traitor to our cause, having committed various atrocities. 
He's almost as strong as me. I think. 
He's been giving me a headache recently. 
He's being kept at the top, just like Futomimi. 
He's got a lot of things, from side-effect drinks to insect-like things. 
He's got the key that opens the golden doors. 
He's in Mizuchi's room acting all big. Is he an ex-Mantra? 
He's in the room over there! 
He's looking for you in different cities. 
He's no friend of the Nihilo, so he might help you out. 
He's probably dead by now Eaten by a demon or something weird like that. 
He's probably hiding out somewhere in Asakusa 
He's probably somewhere on the second floor. 
He's probably watching over us, even now 
He's ruthless, tearing off the skins of other Manikins. 
He's scary. According to the Scripture of Miroku, the world 'will be swallowed by chaos'. 
He's so noble, we call him the Lord of the Flies! 
He's still snooping around there yelling, I've got it! every so often. What's he got? 
He's the one, huh? We just have to throw him out, right? Leave it to us! 
He, who once protected Tokyo, shall surely help you with his awesome might. 
Head down there if you want the latest scoop! 
Heads it is. You're lucky, kid. 
Heard she looks nice from behind, if you catch my drift! 
Heeeeee hoooooo! I guess I'm a little too late. 
Heh, whatever. You sound just like a human. 
Heh. Maybe that's a good thing about you, being so gullible. 
Heheh, I knew you'd want it. 
Heheheh I'm glad I stayed here. 
Heheheh It's in my stomach As liquor, of course. 
Hell, we won. What's there to worry about? 
Her Reason, Yosuga, is the most refined. 
Here Let me give you this. I have guarded it with my life 
Here is what my master has to say 
Here ya are again. Let me ask you the same question 
Here's a little somethin' fer ya! 
Here's a service ticket for you! 
Here, I'll give you this. It'll make things more bearable. 
Here, take this. It's the key to that locked door. 
Here, take this. This issue isn't out yet. 
Hey Can you hear me now? 
Hey You're that demon that won the trial! 
Hey brother, you here to play? We got young girls, so why don't you stop by? 
Hey hey hey, you don't have enough Macca. 
Hey kid Didn't I tell you to lay low? 
Hey kid. What're you doing in a place like this? 
Hey wait a sec You're a demon, too! Noooooo! Don't eat me!! 
Hey you!! How many times do I have to tell you? 
Hey! Did you see that giant dog? 
Hey! Don't tell him that! Get outta here! 
Hey! No playing games right now! 
Hey! Was it a fun city? 
Hey! Where am I!? It hurts Ow! 
Hey! You don't have the cash! Stop messin' with me! 
Hey, I don't plan on dying here, you know. 
Hey, I think you and I will get along just fine. 
Hey, about that thing you're looking for 
Hey, by any chance Would you be able to guide my soul from here? 
Hey, can you tell me who's my opponent? 
Hey, do you feel like going to Asakusa? 
Hey, do you like this underpass? 
Hey, don't rush me. You don't want me to miss something important, do ya? 
Hey, good timing. How was Asakusa? 
Hey, he's not a Mantra! Never seen a demon of the likes of him in their army! 
Hey, hey! There's a bunch of dangerous demons on the other end of the highway! 
Hey, hey! Yoyogi Park's all closed off, 'cause there was a riot. 
Hey, it's you! Long time no see! 
Hey, kid!! This place is dangerous!! 
Hey, let me out of here! 
Hey, let's look around some more. If we don't find anything, then at least we'll know that there's nothing bad here. 
Hey, man I gotta go take a leak. 
Hey, punk! I've never seen you around, and I don't like your face! 
Hey, take a hike! This is urgent! 
Hey, there's the Emperor in Kabukicho now. 
Hey, this might sound crazy, but 
Hey, wait a minute You're going to Shinjuku Medical Center? 
Hey, what the heck are you lookin' at, you god-forsaken fools!? 
Hey, what's going on with this city!? 
Hey, who am I talking to? 
Hey, you don't have enough Macca! 
Hey, you over there! Do you know if Forneus is okay? 
Hey, you over there! Have you seen Forneus??? 
Hey, you survived the battle royale between all those Fiends? 
Hey, you there. If you wanna go home, head north. You'll find your way out of here eventually. 
Hey, you! Yeah, you! I've never seen you before! 
Hey, you! You d-don't plan to take that h-highway, d-do you? 
Hey, you're a d-demon, too! Please d-don't eat me! I go bad with ranch! 
Hey, you're back! I have something important to tell you. Wanna hear it? 
Hey, you're not going on ahead, are you? 
Hey, you. It's dangerous up ahead. 
Hey-hey-hey, you don't have enough Macca! 
Hi there, Mr. Demon! Would you like to buy something? 
Hijiri disappeared into the Amala Network. 
Hikawa and another woman took that to the top. 
Hikawa is on his way to the Diet Building, in search of Magatsuhi. 
Hikawa won't be able to take control of me again. 
Hikawa, , Who'll become Tokyo's conqueror? 
His creepy voice! Yelling! Singing! Moaning! Roaring! 
His name was Lord Masakado Taira. 
His punishment was to see with his own eyes all that happens in the world, 
Hitting on me in a place like this?! 
Hm, I'm surprised that you'd agree. 
Hmm Those devices appear to be functioning, even though the sisters were defeated. 
Hmm, according to the guide map 
Hmmm But the shadow Hmmm If only the shadows weren't there 
Hmmm Ginza isn't on this side of the sphere, it seems. 
Hmmm He beat Surt That kid's not bad. 
Hmmm How should I put this? Yesterday, there was a at Yoyogi Park. 
Hmmm I guess it's not that easy to find 
Hmmm I just passed through Shinjuku, so 
Hmmm Is that so Well, alright then 
Hmmm One spins the thread, the last one cuts it 
Hmmm This is one boring town. No clubs, no bars. 
Hmmm Where's the switch to activate the watermark? 
Hmmm You can't hold any more Macca. 
Hmmm You can't hold anymore of that. 
Hmmm You're stronger than I thought! 
Hmmm! Well, if you wish for a dark future 
Hmmm? It seems an unexpected demon was born. 
Hmmm? It seems it is more powerful than expected. 
Hmmmm, so you're still alive, eh? 
Hmmmmmmmmmmmm!! It's time for you to die!! 
Ho hee?! You have too many demons with you! Why, hee ho!? 
Hohohoho You worked so hard to get the Yahirono Himorogi, and you gave it away, just like that? 
Hohohoho! Listen carefully! I am the ! Now, entertain me! 
Hold on now, don't expect me to become a sacrifice! 
Hold on! Are you planning to go through that door?! 
Honestly, I don't know where to begin 
Honestly, you and should start planning ahead too. 
Hopefully, it'll be as smooth as the last time 
How about the jacket you bought the other day Y'know, the one with a demon graphic on it? 
How about you? Would you be interested in buying it? 
How are the Nihilo demons? They doing okay? 
How arrogant You misunderstand your purpose 
How can I control the world, when I can't even take control of my own life? 
How can you be so calm? To tell you the truth, I'm gettin' kinda nervous. 
How can you be the one standing before me? 
How could Yosuga fall at the hands of an inferior being?! 
How dare you!! You're dead meat!! 
How did you know I was here? 
How many are you selling, hee ho? 
How many do you want, hee ho? 
How many times do I have to tell you? I can't let you pass 
How many times you plan on comin' here? I don't want to talk to no one! 
How pitiful Deceived, and now abandoned by a false god. 
How should I act at a time like this? 
How unlucky of you to meet me. I cut the threads of fate In other words 
How'd you get out of the hospital? 
How's that? Are you impressed, hee ho? 
However, Aradia never showed herself on earth, nor did she save anyone. 
However, as was destined, the world fell and our power was lost. 
However, be forewarned that this type of fusion harnesses the chaotic power of Kagutsuchi. 
However, even a pebble creates ripples when cast in water. 
However, if no one does anything, Hikawa will take over the world for sure. 
However, it was that freedom which gave rise to evil, brought darkness, and led the world to destruction 
However, no kingdom can be ruled by two kings. 
However, not only did you defeat my subordinates, but you single-handedly set the Maiden free. 
However, one individual vowed to put an end to this eternal war. 
However, that privilege is not intended for just anyone. 
However, the final, most important act is about to begin. Don't let up. 
However, the future is not set; we have yet to see what will happen. 
However, the power of Magatsuhi seemed to be absent from it 
However, the true battle still awaits you. 
However, they deserve to be punished. 
However, what we should have done instead was build a kingdom ruled by strength. 
However, when it takes form, it will have enough power to change the face of the world. 
Huh? Are you saying that you haven't heard the news??? 
Huh? Create a new world?? I'm scared! 
Huh? Huh? The Matra are attacking Nihilo? 
Huh? I thought this was a prison. I don't see anyone. 
Huh? Isn't that your phone ringing? 
Huh? This is just a run-down building? 
Huh? Was a human girl captured? 
Huh? Where are we, you ask? 
Huh? You want me to join you? Hmmm 
Huh? You're the demon I just talked to, hee ho. 
Human emotions became Manikins and inhabited the Vortex World. 
Human or demon O one with power. 
Humans are a great source of Magatsuhi, but it's hard not to kill such a weakling. 
Humans became dependent on its warmth, and averted their eyes from its destructive nature. 
Humans should be beacons that light the world. 
Humans, whom god created, created a new god 
Hurry up and get over to Yoyogi Park. You're wasting my quality time! 
Hurry up and get ready. The door's over there. Hope he doesn't suspect me. 
Hurry up and get that spoon from the Collector Manikin! 
Hurry up and summon that magnificent demon! 
I AM KIN-KI. YOU FILTHY DOG 
I CAN FEEL GREAT POWER FROM THIS DOOR, WHICH LEADS BELOW 
I CANNOT BELIEVE THERE IS ONE WHO IS EVEN STRONGER! 
I DON'T CARE WHAT YOU DO 
I DON'T LIKE THE WORLD YOU'RE TRYING TO MAKE 
I HAVE NEVER SEEN A DEMON LIKE YOU. 
I I can't I can't fight Th-There's n-no way I could beat a d-demon 
I I want to try my hand at the creation. 
I THINK I WANT TO SEE IT. 
I WON'T LET YOU GO ANY FURTHER! 
I accumulated enough Magatsuhi for creation when I destroyed the Mantra. 
I admired those words. It's so demon-like the true nature of humans. 
I ain't gonna join with a puny wuss like you. Go home to your momma. 
I already tried going from Yoyogi Park, and that didn't work 
I also wanted to verify that you were truly the Demi-fiend. 
I always thought that I'd be the one to bring about the new world. 
I am , the guardian of Tokyo for the last thousand years. 
I am Atropos, the eldest of the Moirae Sisters. 
I am Baal Avatar, paragon of virtue and might, bringer of glory. 
I am Beelzebub, ruler of death and warden of souls. 
I am Berith, the great duke of hell. 
I am Clotho, the youngest of the Moirae Sisters. 
I am Eligor, one of the fallen angels. 
I am Gozu-Tennoh, the one who will rule the kingdom of chaos 
I am Gozu-Tennoh. As the head of the Mantra, I lead the demons that gather here. 
I am Kaiwan, but I'm not the one with the Kila. 
I am Lachesis, the second of the Moirae Sisters. 
I am Metatron! I am one with god! 
I am Thor. Our paths have not crossed since the fall of the Mantra. 
I am a doctor, after all. I'll treat your wounds. 
I am amazed by *pant* your power I must *pant* train harder 
I am chief among those who fell from heaven. 
I am confident that you will recover the remaining candelabra too. 
I am deeply disappointed in you. How can you allow yourself to be swayed by this woman? 
I am in a place that gives rise to many demons 
I am one with god I am his mouthpiece 
I am sorry to say, but she is not here. 
I am sure you are already aware, but many formidable demons lurk in this dark land. 
I am sure you will grow stronger without my guidance. 
I am the Trumpeter It is I who will announce the end of time. 
I am the arbiter who enforces the law known as the Prophecy of Miroku. 
I am the guardian of this building. 
I am the nurturer of the next world. 
I am tired of Magatsuhi. I'll quench my thirst with your blood, so come here. 
I am too, my little master. 
I am worried about the other Manikins, so I must be going. Thank you again for saving us. 
I asked, Is that what humans do, kill those they hate? 
I assume that you are already aware that demons are categorized into 'races' 
I assume you are here for that woman, but we three sisters are guarding the Obelisk 
I became quite emotional, contrary to the belief of Shijima. 
I believe it was the same young lady who was at the hospital. 
I believe that he carried out the purge because he had learned everything. 
I believe that it is a fair offer, but it is up to you to decide. 
I believe that one day you'll come to accept it. 
I believe the name is the . 
I believed in you that you would always be my strength 
I bet you're wondering how I know about it already. Well, nothing escapes me now. 
I bet you've done nothing but waste time here in this Vortex World. 
I call upon the defendant, . Please come to the arena. 
I came here a little while ago 
I came here to sell medicine, and now I get dragged into all this rubbish. 
I came into being for the creation of a new world, 
I can hear something coming from that door. 
I can learn anything with the power of Amala, just by using this terminal 
I can only assume that was absorbed by the Amala Network, 
I can see by the darkness in your soul that you have chosen to disregard my warning 
I can see it I can see you suffering in your battle against demons. 
I can see it. Your inclination is taking form 
I can see my black heart A new shape surrounds it 
I can see that you are interested in the Mantra, but not totally convinced. 
I can see those who seek Yosuga flocking to this land. 
I can see your face and body bloodied by my hands 
I can see your heart, but inside there is nothing. 
I can tell by your eyes The human side of you is already dead. 
I can tell just by looking at you. 
I can tell you right now, though, that it'll be expensive. 
I can't believe it, you're actually doing it. 
I can't believe my sex appeal didn't work 
I can't believe someone beat that monster! 
I can't believe someone would really come all the way down here 
I can't believe that Lady was defeated 
I can't do anything Please, ! 
I can't do much digging without raising a red flag. 
I can't fight. Someone, save me! 
I can't guarantee your safety anywhere past here. 
I can't hear anything coming from that door anymore. 
I can't let a suspicious demon, like you, through here! 
I can't stop thinking about him 
I can't think up a Reason! 
I cannot force you to help us. 
I cannot let anyone see our commander or the Maiden. 
I cannot let one with such feeble strength pass through! 
I cannot let one with such meager luck pass through! 
I cannot let one with such weak magic pass through! 
I cannot see within your heart 
I cannot set foot in thy world 
I cannot turn a blind eye to the fallen angel's abominable plan to foster the birth of a new demon. 
I caught a weird looking thing the other day. It looks like a bug, but it's a demon, hee ho! 
I challenge you to a duel, 
I checked out most of this place. I don't know where else Ms. could be 
I commend you for making it this far. I wish to tell you something that you, as a human, would not otherwise have learned 
I commend you for reaching this place on your own. 
I commend your ability to fight. 
I contributed to society by doing just that. 
I could go ahead and kill you right now, but 
I could tell from here that the flow of Magatsuhi had returned to normal. 
I could truly change the world! Me, and me alone! 
I couldn't even tell where my house used to be 
I deactivated it, so you should be able to go through it now. 
I decided to play by the rules of this world. 
I demand that the government not not censor my pornography! 
I did it! I did it! Hoooooo-dooooooggie!! I finally found the treasure! 
I didn't do anything! You hear me!? 
I didn't imagine that we would meet here 
I didn't like how the world was before. 
I didn't notice him sneaking up, since he doesn't have footsteps. 
I didn't see an oni on this floor, though. 
I do feel pity for you, but 
I do not care who you are. I will sink my teeth into that body of yours! 
I do not know who you are, but If you have a candelabrum, it is our destiny to fight. 
I dodged all the shadows. How come I can't make it upstairs? 
I don't care if only one type of attack works! Just try everything, dammit! 
I don't care if you come or not, but Ms. 's nice to me when you're around 
I don't care if you're interested or not, just listen. 
I don't care who it is, just as long as our world of Musubi is created 
I don't care who the leader is 
I don't feel like I'm living! Death would be much more comfortable! 
I don't got time for starvin' demons. 
I don't have time to deal with bums. Go home. 
I don't know anyone by that name 
I don't know the details, but 
I don't know what hopes and dreams you brought with you here, but 
I don't know what they're up to, but it'll get ugly if there's too much drama between demons. 
I don't know what to say. You came here all by yourself, on foot!? 
I don't know what you were thinking, but 
I don't know who you're for, and I don't want to know. 
I don't know who you're with, but it looks like you have some brains. 
I don't know why, but I had a feeling that you'd come and save me. 
I don't like the idea of a world controlled by power. 
I don't need stupid Life Stones, I want that! You know, that! 
I don't need this, so here. 
I don't normally take this kind of magazine too seriously, but 
I don't see him! Did I miss it? 
I don't think the police will be able to help us here. 
I don't think there are any Fiends around right now. 
I don't wanna be locked up in here I wanna fight! 
I don't wanna be sucked dry of Magatsuhi! I don't wanna die!! 
I don't wanna die I don't wanna die!!!! 
I don't wanna talk to anyone. 
I don't want my life to be dictated by others anymore. 
I don't want to involve myself with anyone or anything! 
I don't want to talk to anyone. Scram! 
I don't want your apology. It won't change anything. 
I doubt anyone would approve of such a terrible thing 
I doubt that you will ever see her again. 
I doubt there's any relation to what Hikawa's doin', though. 
I doubt you'll be able to get that gatekeeper to let you through. 
I dreamed of an ideal world where people were grateful to be alive 
I dunno about the vault on the other side, though. 
I entrust you with the world of Yosuga! 
I even checked the men's room. 
I feel it. I feel the power A candelabrum is nearby! 
I feel like I know you, even though I've never seen you before, hee ho. 
I feel like I'm free, but our leader is still locked up. 
I feel like something bad happened to me 
I feel like torturing those Manikins in the mirage! I think I'll go do that right now. Heheheh 
I feel sick to my stomach. 
I feel sorry for you, so I'll tell you the truth. 
I feel that the demonstrators' actions were out of line 
I feel the power The power of the Candelabrum 
I fell unconscious at the hospital, 
I felt an evil power from her heart. Something even stronger than that of Sakahagi. 
I felt it when the evil presence faded away. 
I figured out how I want the world to be. 
I finally opened my own shop! 
I forgot to read the latest issue of Ayakashi Monthly!! 
I found this when I entered the hospital. You should be able to access the annex with it. 
I found you! I won't let you get any further! 
I further charge you with being a little sneak. Ikebukuro is the territory of the Mantra! 
I got it. If that's the case, it can't be helped. 
I got separated from my group. 
I guard this Kila under the order of our commander. 
I guarded the Tokyo of old with my comrades. 
I guess I have to place my bets on that guy. 
I guess I'll have to beat them myself Ugh, there's just no way I can do it alone! 
I guess Ikebukuro is made to be busy. This time, it's the demons of Yosuga who's in the city. 
I guess he's not a Mantra demon 
I guess it must be pretty rough. 
I guess it's like coming home. 
I guess it's time to say goodbye to this place 
I guess it's understandable, since your heart is set on chaos rather than creation 
I guess she really was a human 
I guess that means you beat it, right? 
I guess the members of Mantra aren't as thick as I thought 
I guess you made it to Ginza alright. 
I had Isamu look for Yuko, but he hasn't come back yet. 
I had a feeling that I'd see you again. 
I had a feeling that you wouldn't understand. I guess it doesn't matter to you, since you're not human anymore. 
I had no idea they had a base this big 
I hate hospitals. They always give me an eerie feeling. I'd hate to die in one! 
I hate humans. They're so cruel 
I hate this. Magatsuhi makes my body itch all over. 
I have , so I can come and go into the mirage as I please. 
I have a habit of butchering anyone who disrespects me. I cut 'em up with these fins! 
I have already ordered my soldiers to attack their headquarters in Ginza. 
I have come again to thank you once more. 
I have come from the depths of hell for Magatsuhi, but you are quite a rare one! 
I have come to see if you are worthy 
I have heard rumors of you. 
I have no business here anymore. 
I have no business with inferior beings, such as you. 
I have no clue how to use these things, but 
I have no idea how he talked you into collecting them, but I've got to say, you're quite gullible. 
I have no idea how it works, but we know it's dangerous. 
I have no intention of fighting you. 
I have some idea what's going on. 
I have some work for our new member of the Mantra. 
I have succeeded in summoning . 
I have the strength to be able to live on my own. 
I have thought about this at great length. May I ask you a question? 
I have to stop Hikawa, or else both the previous world and the new world will die. 
I have to take the god-forsaken long way around. 
I have watched your every move from above. 
I haven't heard the roar of that ghost biker's engine in a while. 
I haven't heard those things before. Maybe we shouldn't have come 
I haven't seen you around before. Did you come to check out the Assembly of Nihilo? 
I hear Futomimi--that Manikin who was held prisoner in Kabukicho-- can predict the future. 
I hear he has something to do with the Emperor 
I hear he was young, but I'm sure he's a freak. 
I hear he's after the large amount of Magatsuhi at the 
I hear it's a fun city, with there. 
I hear it's a very long path, though 
I hear it's good to fuse Mitama with demons! 
I hear prophecies from Jupiter! You believe me, don'tcha? *hic* 
I hear something's going on at the Mantra's headquarters. May their souls rest in peace 
I hear that Nihilo has a demon that gains experience without ever fighting. 
I hear that Shibuya's a fun place, with stores and a club and all. 
I hear that a thief snuck into Loki's room! Very unloki I mean, unlucky! 
I hear that the Assembly of Nihilo has a secret weapon. Guess it's not a secret anymore 
I hear that the Maiden has something to do with it. 
I hear that the Manikin prophet has escaped from Kabukicho. 
I hear that the demons are burning with passion for the creation 
I hear that there's an item that'll never run out no matter how many times you use it 
I hear that there's oni living in this tunnel. 
I hear that you can buy demons with unique abilities somewhere around here 
I hear the organization in Ginza has a very clever leader. 
I hear there are demons in Tokyo, but there are no gods 
I hear there's a bunch of Magatsuhi lying dormant at Mifunashiro. 
I hear they've become thieves! Those four were real strong. Ever heard of them? 
I hear this Hikawa guy is transferring Magatsuhi to Akasaka. 
I hear this guy is searching like mad for Magatsuhi. 
I hear those gods summoned by Magatsuhi aren't really gods 
I heard Gozu-Tennoh was defeated. May his soul rest in peace 
I heard a rumor about this incredible Manikin. 
I heard about the Emperor's true identity. 
I heard about the trial by combat, and I thought it might be you who was the winner. 
I heard about you even from this cell. 
I heard adults say demons are outside, too. I want my momma One day she'll come for me 
I heard an incredible woman appeared at Ikebukuro! 
I heard some demons in Nihilo can cast deadly curses, and plague their enemies with ailments. 
I heard some guys were trying to have a ceremony every time that weird Kagutsuchi's full. 
I heard someone saw by the building that used to be the Mantra's headquarters. 
I heard that Futomimi is coming out, so I rushed here to see. 
I heard that Gozu-Tennoh is back, and gaining power. 
I heard that a bunch of Magatsuhi was sucked up from Ikebukuro!! 
I heard that a human boy is locked away somewhere in the headquarters. 
I heard that everyone locked away in the Mantra's headquarters escaped. 
I heard that from a demon in the Labyrinth. I wonder what it means 
I heard that there were plenty where . A city, perhaps? 
I heard that there's a babe somewhere around here. Oh where, oh where can she be? 
I heard that they were doing some pretty cruel things at Shinjuku Medical Center. 
I heard that this hospital did some pretty horrific things! 
I heard that your innate abilities, such as your agility and strength, affect your performance in there. 
I heard the damn Manikins are climbing the tower. 
I heard the demons saying something about catching a human. 
I heard the ghost of Gozu-Tennoh went inside a human girl. 
I heard the guy on the black horse can seal your magic. 
I heard the news. You won the trial by combat, huh? 
I heard there was a human girl hanging around the Mantra's headquarters when they fell. 
I heard there's a Fiend on the floor above. 
I heard there's a beautiful woman somewhere around this side of the park. 
I heard there's a demon calling himself the 'Emperor' at Kabukicho. 
I heard there's a group in Ginza that's vying for control of shaping this infant world, 
I heard there's a guy who knows how to open them. 
I heard there's something merciless going down at Minafushiro. 
I heard what Hikawa did. I didn't think he would wipe out the Mantra completely. 
I heard you can't get inside Mantra's headquarters right now. The Manikins are worried. 
I heard, on the night of the riot, a was spotted at Yoyogi Park. 
I help the junk-collecting Manikin a lot. 
I highly doubt anything's gonna happen, but I'm worried about Yuko and this hospital 
I hope that you do not bore me. 
I hope we can meet again for that magnificent sight 
I hope we can track down Nihilo. 
I hope we'll have a long-lasting relationship! *wink* 
I hope you enjoy being tortured to death 
I hope you guys find her soon. 
I hope your new found strength serves you well 
I just heard a voice coming from your direction. 
I just heard some demons say that Momunofu was defeated. 
I just saw a girl heading toward Shibuya. 
I just saw a human woman! She was headed for Kasumigaseki. 
I just started investigating, so I need some time. 
I just wanna see the latest issue of Ayakashi Monthly!! 
I just wanted to test you. Please don't get angry 
I just wanted to wreak havoc! 
I knew I could count on you I mean, I knew you would accept our offer. 
I knew I could count on you even if the world changed. 
I knew you would be here 
I knew you'd understand. Yeah, I killed lots of humans when I was still alive. 
I knew you'd understand. You can't please everyone, and you really shouldn't try to. 
I know I'll only slow you down if I go with you. 
I know it's difficult for you to understand. 
I know that you have a candelabrum! 
I know that you'll return all the candelabra to the Labyrinth of Amala. 
I know the name of the organization in Ginza, meow! 
I know you have a Candelabrum! 
I know you have a candelabrum! 
I know you will be successful. 
I know your story, and I know that within you lies a tremendous power 
I know! Y-You're a good demon, right? 
I know. How about you getting me another spoon? 
I leave you with the power of Yosuga Make sure to pass on our legacy! 
I let that human kid go to Kabukicho Prison 
I like it. I mean, why do I have to live with all these losers? 
I like you. Come back later and I'll tell you something you might wanna know. 
I like your attitude. You can have this. 
I lived my life causing nothing but pain and suffering for others 
I look forward to living in a world of silent harmony 
I look forward to seeing you again 
I look forward to thy world, conqueror. May you prove victorious in your war for peace. 
I look up to the Emperor, hee ho! 
I lost a hella lot of friends to him! It's hella sad! 
I lost most of my power, thanks to Hikawa and his Obelisk. 
I lost track of you for a while, and I thought you may have gotten lost in the Amala Network 
I mean, Shijima. It will be shrouded in silence. 
I mean, it was EXTREMELY dangerous!!! 
I mean, you can deal major damage if you get a critical hit. 
I measure the length of life. 
I messed up and got caught. They dragged me out of the Great Underpass. 
I might ask you to help me out, then. 
I might have to seriously consider the possibility. 
I might have to share my cell with a demon. 
I must apologize for not being honest with you, but there is a reason 
I must not falter while others strive to establish their foolish Reasons 
I must warn you, though, that powerful demons roam the area ahead. 
I need to escape from poverty first, before I can escape from here 
I need to find out what I need to do to create a world where Manikins can live in peace. 
I need to find out what that guy really has in mind. 
I need to restore the city! I need to rush back! 
I needed the money, since my room was raided. 
I never felt bad about it, and I don't regret living that way, either. 
I never thought I'd actually live to see one 
I once strove to protect the world from the followers of stillness. 
I only win Life Stones with the junk shop's . 
I only win stupid Life Stones with the junk shop's ! 
I owe ya, lil' buckaroo! We'll split the treasure, as promised! 
I praise you. I haven't had such fun hunt in quite a while. 
I pray that you find rest soon. 
I pray that you may determine your own destiny. 
I pray that you return to your world and rid yourself of darkness, before it is too late 
I prefer not to bloody my hands, really. 
I prefer the cute little Pixies, though. 
I promise that I'll tell you everything 
I promised earlier that I would answer all of your questions, sparing no detail 
I really hope that this is nothing we should be worried about 
I recently got a hold of this rare item, but nobody seems to understand its value 
I recommend that you experiment with various combinations. 
I saw Kagutsuchi from the path straight up north. 
I saw a bunch of Manikins being taken there. 
I saw a demon at the annex 
I saw a guy with guns and a huge sword walk in not long ago. 
I saw a human at the annex 
I saw a human at the annex. 
I saw a human boy enter the Mantra's headquarters. 
I saw a human sneak past Forneus just a while ago. 
I saw a young man your age at Asakusa, come to think of it 
I saw all these fairies fly off from Yoyogi Park. 
I saw an awesome dude with guns and a giant sword mowing down demons, hee ho! 
I saw an important-looking Manikin leading a bunch of other Manikins out! 
I saw an incredible demon up ahead. It's big! It's red! 
I saw him as I was being dragged here. He must be below. 
I saw it!! I saw a human go underground!! 
I saw them near , past the Tokyo Tower! 
I saw what happened, Too bad got away. 
I saw you do your thing from up here. 
I say you should turn back. 
I screwed up and let another human escape a while ago, but not this time 
I see Forget what I just said, will ya? 
I see Guess I'm too nosy. 
I see I understand that it is a difficult decision to make. 
I see If you change your mind, come back anytime. 
I see It's my first time here. 
I see Thou hast defeated the four Devas out of sport 
I see Yeah, you might be right. 
I see You're getting used to being a demon, aren't ya? 
I see a Reason as fierce as a raging flame 
I see a Reason as hard as a flawless gem 
I see a Reason as tranquil as a still lake 
I see before me the incarnation of bane itself. 
I see hesitation in your heart. 
I see that you are making steady progress in recovering the candelabra. 
I see that you have been recruiting many a demon. 
I see that you have braved the Labyrinth of Amala and returned several candelabra. 
I see that you have the stomach to endure that rule. 
I see that your quest for the candelabra is going well. 
I see the awakening of opposing forces 
I see thou art in anticipation. 
I see, he is your friend. 
I see, so your name is 
I see, the stillness has come for me 
I see, then you have no business here. Take a hike, junior. 
I see. It's probably for the best. 
I see. Not a bad name. 
I see. Then be on your way. 
I see. Then, I will leave you be. 
I see. You are the Demi-fiend I prophesied about. Very interesting. 
I see. You've been through a lot, haven't you? I'm not a demon, but I sort of understand 
I sense one in the Third Kalpa of this Labyrinth too. 
I sense that you have power beyond that possessed by an ordinary demon. 
I seriously thought that I was the only person still alive. 
I shall await you there, woman. Remember that hope is the way. 
I shall end your life for sure this time! 
I shall entrust you with my last remaining strength!! 
I shall explain to you our fate. 
I shall help you. What future do you desire? 
I shall lead you demons, the kingdom of chaos, for all eternity 
I shall never forgive you for causing the death of the world! 
I shall now test your heart 
I shall now unleash my light, the power of creation! 
I shall pass final judgement on you! 
I shall see you at the Cathedral of Shadows 
I shall share some of my Magatsuhi with you. 
I shall share with you the Reason of Shijima Let us enter the kingdom together. 
I shall smite thee down myself! 
I shall wait here until you learn your future Bwahahahahaha! 
I shall wait to be summoned at the Cathedral of Shadows. 
I shall wind the thread of your life! 
I should have taken revenge back then, for what that boy did to me. 
I should learn to keep my mouth shut 
I should not have been so merciful back then. 
I should see for myself what kind of world others are trying to create. 
I should thank him, though, for bringing his followers here. It's like free Magatsuhi. 
I should've bought a couple of 
I side with Yosuga, and you with Musubi. 
I side with Yosuga, and you with Shijima. 
I sold it to a curious Manikin. 
I sought power, but I failed to get it. 
I still feel a great sadness in my heart 
I suggest that you go visit the old gentleman who lives deep in the red labyrinth. 
I sure hope he knows what he's doing. 
I sure hope so, cuz you're gonna live a life of torment in the new world. 
I swear, by my sword and capote, that I will once again prove victorious!! 
I thank you on behalf of Musubi. Heh heh 
I the Black Rider shall judge thee 
I think I know it, but I just can't remember 
I think I like the idea 
I think I'll go there. Are you going? 
I think I'll play around with him! 
I think I've finally got it! 
I think it's a pretty rotten idea, personally. 
I think it's a prophetic dream, but no one believes me By gum! 
I think it's time for me to go. Staying here won't do me any good. 
I think it's time for you to go back, . 
I think we can take a little breather. 
I think you need to activate that switch over there to continue. 
I think you should save your progress here. 
I think you should stay away from there. 
I think you're better off avoiding that place. 
I thought I saw him, but I forgot where, hee ho! 
I thought I was ambushed. Don't scare me like that! 
I thought it was still hidden in the Labyrinth of Amala 
I thought it'd be safe with Forneus dead, but 
I thought someone was talking to me 
I thought that if I kept on collecting stuff like this, eventually I'd hit the jackpot. 
I thought that you'd never seen a before. 
I thought they would be useful to you It took me awhile to find them. 
I thought you were one of those scary monsters 
I took a quick look around, and it looks like I'm in a hospital 
I trashed the platform Trashed! Har har har! 
I tried so hard to get here, too! 
I tried talking to what looked like a ghost, but I didn't have much luck. 
I underestimated you 'cause I thought you were a human. 
I understand that it is difficult for you to make a decision right now. 
I understand thy joy! I cannot suppress mine own. 
I usually charge an outrageous amount of money, but in this case, I'll make an exception. 
I usually charge an outrageous amount of money. But in this case, I'll make an exception. 
I wanna go too, but I have no idea what to do! 
I wanna stay like this until 's Reason is conceived. Don't bother me 
I wanna walk on the ceiling, too! 
I want his autograph, hee ho, so I'm gonna go look for him!! 
I want the blood of a young man! Blood! I want BLOOD! 
I want to ask you about something. 
I want to go on my journey, hee ho. 
I want to go search for something that nobody's seen before 
I want to help you hold on to your life. 
I want to open up soon. Well, better get back to work. 
I want you to know that I'm always thinking about you. 
I want you to know that you're the only one I feel like I can rely on in this world. 
I want you to try and find any information you can about that group. 
I wanted to meet Hikawa in person, but 
I wanted to see how you're doing. 
I wanted to talk to Ms. about what I should do after graduation anyway. 
I warn thee, leave this place at once. 
I was able to escape from my cell 
I was all ready to kick his ass!! 
I was almost eaten by a demon at the club 
I was chosen That's what I'm going to believe, and now, I have to look forward. 
I was just attacked by the Mantra. Aside from the usual brutality, they used very harsh language! 
I was just getting used to not having demons fight each other over here 
I was looking for something, too! 
I was merely sent to prepare the way for you--the new creator. 
I was not the creator; I was the baptist. 
I was so wrapped up in Futomimi's words, I completely forgot 
I was thinking of opening a store here--making use of all my experience. 
I was truly impressed by your battle. 
I was watching the Pixies, and I noticed something 
I was wondering what warrior was strong enough to enter here Well, if it isn't . 
I was worried for nothing. Now, I can get back to my rocking chair. 
I was wrong to think that you would understand my ideal. 
I wasn't strong enough, but it seems your will is greater. 
I watched as you prevailed over many adversaries. 
I will allow you access to the from the terminal. 
I will ask for your assistance when the time comes. 
I will be awaiting your arrival at the very bottom. 
I will explain the details once you arrive. 
I will fight till the end to win our freedom!! 
I will give you time to prepare. 
I will go on a quest to realize my dream of a world where the strong thrive. 
I will go on to the next world. 
I will not allow the world to be doomed to failure! 
I will not allow you to meddle with our commander. 
I will not feel at ease until all this is over. 
I will not forget this rage, this fire that burns my flesh and soul! 
I will not let them create a world of stillness!! 
I will open the door leading to where the candelabrum must be returned. 
I will open the way to the last door. Please use the candelabrum and come see us. 
I will open the way to the last door; please use the candelabrum and come see us. 
I will reward you as you return them to their rightful places. 
I will share with you the fear I have felt 
I will show you my power! 
I will tell you the answers to all of your questions. 
I will try to release it. 
I wish I could do it myself, but I don't think I'd last very long against those demons. 
I wish you the best of luck. 
I wish you were here to see it happen. 
I won't be able to get a single picture of the scene Just my luck. 
I won't do anything to ya, so come over here 
I won't forget about you, though. 
I won't forget you, though. We'll definitely meet again 
I won't let him be the one to shape the new world. 
I won't let you get past here. 
I won't let you have the Kila 
I won't shed another tear, not even at the world's end. 
I won't tell you to turn back, but from here on out, I can't guarantee your safety 
I wonder how it is for you, since you're both human and demon 
I wonder if I should join your party 
I wonder if he got into an accident Maybe he just got a flat tire. 
I wonder if he's come back to life in a cemetery somewhere 
I wonder if she's thinking about coming up with a Reason. 
I wonder if the east side of the park is being occupied by the fairies. 
I wonder if there's a way to get the good stuff all the time 
I wonder if we'll find her 
I wonder what he's doing now 
I wonder what it's like there 
I wonder what our master thinks 
I wonder what they're doing now 
I worked so hard to get the Reason of Musubi But, it seems almost impossible for me to create my world now 
I would be honored to accompany you. 
I would like to enjoy this blissful end in solitude. 
I would like to fight you again, but 
I would like to share with you my knowledge on the Vortex World and Kagutsuchi. 
I would like you to become the pillar of the new world. That's what he told me. 
I wouldn't go there, if I were you. 
I wouldn't have known either, if I didn't use the Amala Network to get here. 
I wouldn't want you to fall prey to a . 
I'd be the first to go. 
I'd consider selling it to you, if you were a little stronger. 
I'd go whoop the boy, but I'm too cold to move! 
I'd like to ask him one of these days. 
I'd like to find one, but I have no clue as to where I can find it. 
I'd like to get a glimpse of him! Too bad all I see is you 
I'd like to see you in the next world, though 
I'd like you to perform the ritual to summon the god of Musubi. 
I'd rather be worked to the ground! 
I'd tell you not to try it, but boys love risking their necks for girls. 
I'll be counting on you, . 
I'll be free if the demon here is defeated, so someone beat him! 
I'll be here waiting for you 
I'll be waiting here. I wonder if we'll find her 
I'll be waiting here. Whoa, this is one bizarre-lookin' magazine. 
I'll be working on this terminal, but it's mostly up to you. 
I'll be working on this terminal, but you'll probably have more luck than me. I'm counting on ya. 
I'll continue my research on Amala. I'm almost there 
I'll fight it, even if I'm the only one doing it! 
I'll give you a taste of my torturing techniques!! 
I'll give you this in return! 
I'll go after him. You don't have to go inside Amala anymore. 
I'll go back and see how is doing. 
I'll have to survive on my own. 
I'll heal you anytime, so come again 
I'll heal you anytime, so leave me alone. 
I'll heal you anytime. Just don't bug me. 
I'll heal you if you just go away. 
I'll heal you, so just go home Pest. 
I'll heal you. Just get outta my face. 
I'll heal your wounds anytime, so don't eat me, please. 
I'll heal your wounds, so please don't eat me! 
I'll help you, if you want! 
I'll keep what doesn't fit in your wallet! It'll be for my training. 
I'll live on my own too 
I'll never make it to Lady 's side at this rate! 
I'll offer you some juicy information, so please forgive me 
I'll only be able to give you what fits in your wallet. Is that okay? 
I'll open the door. Hang on. 
I'll see what I can do with this terminal 
I'll sell you something special. Interested? 
I'll show you that I'm stronger than you!! 
I'll show you the power of the Emperor! Heeeeee hoooooo!! 
I'll strive to exist on my own 
I'll tell you all about his secret plans and how he was using you. 
I'll tell you all my secrets. 
I'll tell you everything I find out there about Nihilo and the Maiden. 
I'll tell you everything I find out there, so let's stay in touch, alright? 
I'll tell you something useful, so don't make that face, okay? 
I'll track him down and kick him out of the network. 
I'll try to help you as much as I can. 
I'll use this device to send you to Ginza. 
I'll wait for you, hee ho, at the Cathedral of Shadows! 
I'll wait here. Oh yeah, let me borrow this magazine. 
I'm Kamala. I like demons. They're my friends. 
I'm Ose one of the fallen angels, and a mighty warrior of Nihilo. 
I'm Pixie the Fairy. I'm sure we'll be the best of friends! 
I'm a Nihilo demon I was caught spying. 
I'm a collector of many things, especially things that have to do with humans. 
I'm a doctor, after all. I'll treat your wounds. 
I'm a prospector that's a lookin' fer buried treasure 'round these parts. 
I'm afraid I have to ask for your help again, . 
I'm afraid I have to go now. 
I'm all thirsty, and there's nothing down here. 
I'm asking 100000 Macca. I know it's kinda high, but it's well worth the price So, you want it? 
I'm asking 15000 Macca. I know it's kinda high, but it's well worth the price So, you want it? 
I'm asking 150000 Macca. I know it's kinda high, but it's well worth the price So, you want it? 
I'm asking 200000 Macca. I know it's kinda high, but it's well worth the price So, you want it? 
I'm asking 30000 Macca. I know it's kinda high, but it's well worth the price So, you want it? 
I'm asking 50000 Macca. I know it's kinda high, but it's well worth the price So, you want it? 
I'm asking 70000 Macca. I know it's kinda high, but it's well worth the price So, you want it? 
I'm beautiful, don't you agree? Strength and beauty are one and the same. 
I'm begging you! Defeat Mizuchi and save Futomimi! 
I'm counting on you, ! Save Ms. ! 
I'm doing much better. I think I'm ready to leave the hospital pretty soon. 
I'm doing what I can. Let me share with you what I've found out so far, okay? 
I'm envious of you guys! Being able to walk around and all *sigh* 
I'm getting the hang of it. 
I'm glad I made it in time, back there at the basement 
I'm glad I'm a friend. If I was an enemy, I'd be dead by now. Hahaha 
I'm glad we had the chance to talk today. 
I'm glad you made it here. 
I'm going to become a super-cool, and super-strong demon! 
I'm going to start a store that sells a bunch of rare things. 
I'm going to start collecting Magatsuhi. 
I'm going to the next world. 
I'm gonna chase you around this floor. If you reach the exit, you win. If not 
I'm gonna find a way out, but I need some more time. My back's still sore, so 
I'm gonna head off to Kabukicho and look for him. 
I'm gonna stay here for a while. 
I'm guessing that there are more of these devices in different locations, and that they form a huge transportation network. 
I'm impressed that he didn't die like a mud doll. 
I'm impressed that you made it this far. 
I'm innocent! Let me out of here! 
I'm just about ready to perform the ceremony to summon the god of Musubi. 
I'm just waiting for fate to pass its final judgment on me. 
I'm new here, so I don't know the details 
I'm no use to you? Fine, be that way! I'm going home!! 
I'm not a Musubi, but I think they should've respected themselves more. 
I'm not cut out for fighting, so I'll track down Hikawa some other way. 
I'm not gonna fool myself. I know I won't survive that long. 
I'm not here to explain all the details, 
I'm not interested in Magatsuhi, but the stone is rumored to have the power to control even gods. 
I'm not ready to give up entirely. 
I'm not really in the mood to do any favors for my shady old client. 
I'm not risking my life just to protect this damngate 
I'm not stopping you from playing. So, why don't you try? 
I'm not sure who, but I can sense a strong, evil power. 
I'm not worth much experience, hee ho! 
I'm of the clan. Please take care of me 
I'm only here because there's plenty of blood here. 
I'm pissed! Got that, hee ho!? 
I'm powerless but I know you can do it! 
I'm preparing for the ritual of Reason. 
I'm pressing the emergency button, but nothing's happening 
I'm running the shop while he's away. 
I'm scared of Sakahagi, so I'll stay like this for a while longer. 
I'm so envious of you guys! Being able to walk around and all *sigh* 
I'm so evil, they call me the Emperor of Kabukicho! 
I'm so glad to see you, . 
I'm sorry about that I shouldn't be talking on the job, even if I'm not busy 
I'm sorry about that. I was so bored! I just needed someone to talk to. 
I'm sorry about what happened last time. Yeah, I screwed up 
I'm sorry that I disappeared after you saved me. 
I'm sorry to say, but it seems you are rather weak to be in possession of a candelabrum. 
I'm sorry! Please! Don't hurt me! 
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry! 
I'm sorry, but we can't open the gate to Ikebukuro. 
I'm still gettin' ready. Can you come back in awhile? 
I'm still wonderin' who the hell he was. 
I'm sure it has something to do with that mark engraved on it 
I'm sure she's not down there, that's why I'm having go! 
I'm sure that I'll be able to provide you with guidance. 
I'm sure there are other brokers besides me in this Labyrinth. 
I'm sure there are other brokers besides me in this labyrinth. 
I'm sure we'll meet again, since we're both after the same thing. 
I'm sure you noticed already, but man, this place is deserted. 
I'm sure you'll get a response. It won't always be a good response, mind you! 
I'm sure you'll have fun playing together! 
I'm sure you'll want to finish it fast, but it probably won't end the way you're hoping. 
I'm sure you're strong enough to make it to Asakusa. 
I'm surprised that the Toyama residential district didn't get sucked up by the Vortex 
I'm surprised you have the nerve to even see us! 
I'm surprised you were able to make it up here, with all that junk blocking the halls. 
I'm telling ya, the Lady of the Fount's the hottest of them all! 
I'm telling you, they're the ones who should be oppressed, not us! 
I'm telling you, this one's got some potential! 
I'm totally outta the closet, so I'm into all kinds of jewels. 
I'm warning you, don't go through it when Kagutsuchi shines the weakest. 
I've become hee ho evil! I'm , heeeeee hoooooo! 
I've been collecting Magatsuhi Eventually, I'll have enough power to dominate all demons. 
I've been right here by your side from the very beginning. 
I've been waiting for you to come and save us, you who are both human and demon 
I've come here to join the Mantra, so that I can become just like the great King, hee ho! 
I've completed my duty, so I deserve a nice long rest, don't you think? 
I've decided to follow Futomimi's will and create a world of Manikins! 
I've decided to stay here. I've grown attached to this place. 
I've decided to take a rest here. Why don't you rest here, too? 
I've got an idea. Let me try something 
I've got no updates on . Is he playing dead or what? 
I've got nothing else to sell you. Hey, don't worry. 
I've heard weird stories about this place. 
I've left you alone thus far, but now there is no point in letting you live. 
I've made many sacrifices in my lifetime. But, I've always followed the path that I believe in. 
I've managed to stay alive, too Well, sorta. I don't think they'll kill me just yet. 
I've never seen a demon like you before 
I've only seen her from behind, but what I saw looks good! 
I've seen that communications tower before 
I've seen this barrel-like object somewhere before 
I, Mada, will personally hand you a ticket to hell! 
I, too, shall endeavor to build a kingdom of beauty 
I, too, will become a force, with this woman. 
I-I can't stress enough the potential it has! I personally recommend it! 
I-I cannot possibly be a match for someone as strong as you. 
I-I hear voices from that room again! 
I-I-I'm not afraid of shadows! I-I conquered it! 
I-I-I-I have no idea what's going on 
I-I-I-I thought I was going to be killed! 
I-I-In the annex, I saw a d-demon 
IF YOU CAN GET THE STAR KEY, MAYBE YOU CAN MAKE IT TO THE BOTTOM! 
IF YOU CHOOSE TO PROCEED, BE CAREFUL. 
IT CAN UNLOCK THE GOLDEN DOORS. 
IT IS THEN THAT YOU WILL RETURN TO ME. 
IT'S DANGEROUS WHEN KAGUTSUCHI IS BRIGHTEST. REMEMBER THAT OR ELSE. 
IT'S SOMEWHERE IN THIS LABYRINTH, WHERE IT USED TO BE CURSED 
If I could have had a Reason of my own, then the outcome may have been different. 
If I could live my life again, I I'd wanna be the kind of person who is liked by everyone. 
If I could, I'd go in there myself, but I'm just not strong enough. 
If I go south, I should reach Yoyogi and Shibuya. 
If I had used that thing correctly, you would have been here all by yourself. 
If I knew this would happen for reals 
If I promise to give you the Magatsuhi contained inside it 
If I remember correctly, you need to turn all the switches blue. 
If I tag along with you, hee ho, I think I can become super-cool and super-strong! 
If I were you, I'd go right for sure. 
If Reiko's not there, anyone'll do 
If Yosuga was to create the world 
If a demon joins your party, it will automatically be recorded in the Compendium. 
If creation is your goal, then seek out Kagutsuchi. 
If everyone's a Manikin, then everyone's friendly? 
If he's handsome, hook me up! 
If it doesn't work out, come talk to me again. 
If it is truth that you seek, then I will reveal everything 
If it is your will, then go inside 
If it wasn't for you, we wouldn't even be here right now. 
If my memory serves me right, it belongs to a man named Hikawa. 
If she's caught She'll be killed! 
If so, then I'll stop asking. I'm satisfied knowing that the Nightmare System is out of commission. 
If someone actually made it this far down, I'd have to give that person a prize. 
If something does happen, , just run like hell! Alright? 
If such is the fate of this world, 
If such is your goal, then come before me with the ! 
If that is the case you may observe us first, and then decide. 
If that is the future, then so shall it be! Die!! 
If that should happen then we shall meet again! 
If that's true, I wonder if he's come back to life in a cemetery somewhere 
If the Mantra and Nihilo ever go at it 
If the situation were different, we could have created a new world together 
If the time arises, we are willing to sacrifice our lives for them! 
If the volume of your headache is cranked up to max, you just have to give up and die. 
If the world of Musubi is created 
If there's an entrance, there's always an exit. 
If there's somewhere you want to go, don't wait for me. If not, why don't you check out Asakusa? 
If this is Shinjuku Medical Center, then I can't just rule it out. 
If thou takest purple Macca in succession, thine earning shall be even more. 
If we both manage to stay alive, I'm sure we'll meet again 
If we both were to assume authority, our kingdom would be doomed to fail. 
If we ever meet again let's talk about other things. 
If we have the , we can get through that door to the annex. 
If we summon him at the wrong time, something baaaad may happen. 
If we're gonna have any hope of getting out of this mess, then we've got to find Hikawa. 
If you are a true demon, then you may see what lies beyond this door. 
If you are truly strong, then we shall meet again 
If you are willing to accept the task, then you will be allowed to enter the Labyrinth of Amala. 
If you are, just let me know. I'm good to go. 
If you are, you better be ready. 
If you ask me, she's just another power hungry jerk. 
If you bring them back to life with the , 
If you call yourself a demon, make haste and go to Ginza. Crush those who pose a threat to the world! 
If you can defeat all the Fiends and reunite the candelabra, then so you should! 
If you can do that, I'll let you inside the central temple. 
If you can find me on your own, 
If you can get there and contact me through the Amala Network, it'll make my job much easier. 
If you can reach the top, you should be able to meet Kagutsuchi. 
If you can restore the candelabra to their original places and come here once again, 
If you can win, I'll give you an . 
If you can withstand his lightning attacks, you'll be a free man. 
If you change your mind, come back anytime. 
If you choose to assist us, 
If you choose to serve me, I shall grant you even greater power 
If you choose to walk the path of a human, then there is no need for you to return here. 
If you claim to be innocent, then pound your enemy into the ground! 
If you consider yourself a Mantra, make haste and go to Ginza. Crush those who pose a threat to the world! 
If you dare, then come before me with the 
If you deem yourself right, light will return to the world, but so will darkness. 
If you do all of this, a dark future full of shall await you. 
If you do decide to go there, make sure you prepare yourself, alright? 
If you do not wish to be ruled by destiny 
If you do, a bright future full of shall await you. 
If you don't have a map, you'll get lost. 
If you don't have the eyes to tell the truth from the lies, you'll be tricked over and over. 
If you don't save him I'll stop cooperating with you. 
If you don't stop this woman, we will be massacred! 
If you don't wanna get hurt Give us the !! 
If you fall from here, you will lose your life. 
If you feel like it, save Futomimi. 
If you figure it out, let me know. 
If you fuse a normal demon with an Element, it will become another demon of the same race. 
If you fuse it with a Mitama, it will not be reborn, but it will become more powerful. 
If you fuse them together, the outcome will differ from that of a normal fusion. 
If you get in the way of Commander Hikawa *gulp* 
If you get in the way of Commander Hikawa Well It was nice knowing you! 
If you get too close to one without thinking, you'll be teleported somewhere else! 
If you get too involved, you won't be able to turn back, you know! 
If you give me some Macca, I'll tell you what I know. How about it? 
If you go aaaaaall the way over there, you'll reach the infamous Kabukicho Prison! 
If you go on further, you'll reach . 
If you go south from the exit up ahead, you'll reach Yushima Station. 
If you go south from this hospital, you'll run into and . 
If you go south, you'll see . 
If you go straight forward, you'll reach the Diet Building. 
If you go the wrong way You'll get a taste of gravity. 
If you go through the door behind you, you will find a pedestal. 
If you go through the path I opened, you should reach safely. 
If you go through this route, you'll reach Akasaka and Sannou. 
If you have any Deathstones in your possession 
If you have any questions, open up the menu and select . 
If you have enough power to obtain all of these 
If you have some time, check and see who it is. 
If you hold your candelabrum to the spinning drum of Amala the device referred to as a terminal in Tokyo 
If you jump in unprepared, you might die of starvation, or worse 
If you keep in mind You can can meet them again at the Cathedral of Shadows 
If you like me that much, I can make you our lover 
If you listen to what I have to say, I am sure you will understand 
If you look at things upside-down, of course they will appear inverted. 
If you look real carefully, you might find a hidden passage. 
If you lose even once, you're . 
If you lose, you're out. That's pretty tough 
If you lost a loved one in a horrible accident, would you curse god? 
If you meet them, they will leave for . 
If you negotiate well with demons, they'll join your party. 
If you plan on collecting Macca in there, then you might want to train yourself first. 
If you plan on entering the shrine, overcome my ordeal! 
If you plan on entering the shrine, you must defeat me! 
If you pray, god will protect you no matter what happens. 
If you really want to talk, there's a place where you can talk to the outside world 
If you rover on up ahead, you'll see him. Be careful not to get eaten. He's a doggone menace! 
If you run into a demon, try starting a conversation. 
If you serve me, I can release your innate power. 
If you still insist on going, I won't try to stop you, but 
If you travel north from here, you'll reach . 
If you use it right, it will be of great benefit to you. 
If you wanna get in, you better build some muscle. Right now, you're just a little girlie-man. 
If you wanna help out, come to Amala Temple with me. It's just down this passageway. 
If you wanna know what's going on in Tokyo, check out the . 
If you wanna meet her, try looking for her. 
If you want a new companion, make some room first and then come back. 
If you want the details, you can check the giant screen. 
If you want to come, then come. 
If you want to get healed, ask the lady at the fountain. 
If you want to get into the construction site, there's an entrance on the Harajuku side. 
If you want to get out of here, you'll have to impress them with your brute strength. 
If you want to go back, then return through the 12 Meters of Eternity. 
If you want to go on ahead, be sure to bring a variety of demons with you. 
If you want to see Kagutsuchi, you need to offer the to it. 
If you want to survive, be sure not to forget these basics. 
If you want, I can tell you who you're fighting today! 
If you weren't a demon, I'd squeeze the Magatsuhi outta you!! 
If you win, just give me a dollar Oh yeah, it's Macca here, isn't it? Give me 1 Macca then. 
If you wish for a bright future 
If you wish to pass, let one brimming with light step forward. 
If you wish to pass, let one of great agility step forward. 
If you wish to pass, let one of great luck step forward. 
If you wish to pass, let one of great magic step forward. 
If you wish to pass, let one of great strength step forward. 
If you wish to pass, let one of great vitality step forward. 
If you wish to pass, let one who embodies chaos step forward. 
If you wish to pass, let one whose soul is black step forward. 
If you wish to pass, let the one who has been with you the longest step forward. 
If you would prefer to walk with demons on a new, untrodden path, then please come visit my master. 
If you'd like a relaxing massage, talk to me anytime! 
If you'd waited until the world of Musubi was finished, then you would've at least had the chance to be born again. 
If you're caught by the Mantra, you'll either be thrown in this jail, or sent to prison. 
If you're going back to Ginza, head east. 
If you're having doubts, then I really shouldn't force you to do it, but 
If you're heading down below, you better be prepared. 
If you're here for information, I'd be glad to help you. 
If you're just here to get in some rubbernecking, I suggest you turn back. 
If you're looking for Hikawa, you'd better remember this, or else 
If you're lucky, maybe you'll run into him. 
If you're not interested, then it's better not to get involved. 
If you're ready, go to the pedestal in front of the shrine. 
If you're strong enough to fight those demons, then will you gather information for me? 
If you're unlucky, you can get swept away somewhere, or even worse, you can end up being absorbed by the network. 
If you're unlucky, you won't even be able to set foot inside the room. 
If your power can make me strong, and help me to create my world 
If your wish is to pursue the path of creation as a human then there is no reason for you to stay here long. 
If, by some miracle, you manage to defeat him, you might want to go back and revisit each Kalpa. 
Ikebukuro will be bustling with action once again. 
Ikebukuro's right there after you get out of this hall. 
Imagine that you're in a desert 
Imagine you are in the mountains 
In , there's a group saying that they'll make a new world. 
In a world like this, one life doesn't amount to much 
In a world where god remains silent 
In battle, he'll bust out attacks that'll crush any enemy! 
In commemoration of this incredible feat, we wish to offer you a special rate for summoning demons. 
In each of the storerooms is a demon guarding the Kila. 
In my dream, I was a bad demon, hee ho! 
In other words, if you don't use the switches properly, you'll never make it to the storerooms. 
In other words, we've found Nihilo's current headquarters. 
In place of the creation of the new world, 
In that book, it says that chaos will befall the world, 
In the Amala Universe, where time and space melt together and flow as one, 
In the body of a Manikin, Hijiri challenged those vying for creation 
In the end, I was nothing but a tool for collecting Magatsuhi 
In the end, it is you who will decide their nature. 
In the end, the only one you can trust is yourself. 
In the everlasting flow of Amala, we have long waited for you for this time to come. 
In the meantime, why don't you go find out about Futomimi? 
In the vast Amala Universe, this Vortex World is not the only place where creation occurs. 
In the world of Yosuga, only the chosen can survive 
In this land where demons of chaos dwell, the last of your humanity will eventually be lost. 
In this land, there exist certain things that hold demonic power. 
In this world, you might as well be dead if you don't fully understand Magatsuhi. 
In time, the one worthy of my power will come. 
In time, your true adversary will appear before you. 
In truth, my master gave them to those whom he deemed worthy. 
Indeed, it shall be the millennial kingdom of demons 
Inferior being! You're an inferior being! 
Infidel! This cannot be forgiven! I shall stamp thee out of existence! 
Infidel! You come to break our stillness!? 
Insatiable greed is a demon's virtue, however. 
Insolent scoundrel, put down the Kila and begone! 
Interesting So, you found your way here. 
Is he preparing a late service for all the Manikins? 
Is he waiting for the Demi-fiend? 
Is it bothering you that much? 
Is it impossible for us Manikins to participate in the creation? 
Is it okay to register everyone? 
Is it okay to trust this Hikawa guy? 
Is it possible for you to retrieve the candelabra--the flames that light the floors of the Labyrinth-- 
Is it true that the Manikins are restoring Asakusa? 
Is that human in the southern room in cahoots, too!? 
Is that so! Then, here you go. 
Is the Pixie you went out with doing okay? 
Is there a in my room? 
Is there a large amount of Magatsuhi stashed there or something? 
Is there a reason why you need to infiltrate the Assembly of Nihilo? 
Is there anyplace where I can overlook the entire area? 
Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Is there anything else you want to ask about, ? 
Is there anything good on the floor? 
Is there one in the trash? 
Is this the end of Nihilo? 
Is this the flow of time? 
Isn't it creepy here? I don't like it 
It all depends on the light of Kagutsuchi, though 
It can take you to different places like the vault or the maze, but 
It contains information on all demons in existence, but only those that the reader has made a pact with can be viewed 
It could be worldwide terrorism, or some other tragedy. But 
It doesn't look like the Mantra attacked that one. 
It doesn't matter that is dead 
It doesn't matter what I say now, does it? It'll just sound like an excuse to you. So, go ahead and do whatever it is you're gonna do. 
It doesn't matter, the old guy already told me your name. 
It doesn't open from this side. 
It doesn't seem real to me! I feel like this riot happened in another world or something 
It fits a person who keeps his cool, like me. 
It had value at one time, I think. I heard that some humans valued it more than their lives! 
It is I who will create the new world! 
It is a world completely different from the Vortex World which you came from. 
It is a world without pain, because it is not controlled by emotion. 
It is always important that you keep in mind the ability of your members before fusing them. 
It is asking for a Personnel ID Card. 
It is divided into several regions called , and at the very bottom resides our master, the ruler of chaos 
It is essential to this world's existence. 
It is far different from the state of chaos that Tokyo is in right now. 
It is forbidden! Demons shan't create the world! 
It is inscribed, Here lie the Moirae Sisters. 
It is inscribed, Here lies Aciel. 
It is inscribed, Here lies Ahriman. 
It is inscribed, Here lies Albion. 
It is inscribed, Here lies Baal Avatar. 
It is inscribed, Here lies Black Frost. 
It is inscribed, Here lies Forneus. 
It is inscribed, Here lies Fuu-Ki. 
It is inscribed, Here lies Kaiwan. 
It is inscribed, Here lies Kin-Ki. 
It is inscribed, Here lies Mara. 
It is inscribed, Here lies Mithra. 
It is inscribed, Here lies Mizuchi. 
It is inscribed, Here lies Noah. 
It is inscribed, Here lies Ongyo-Ki. 
It is inscribed, Here lies Orthrus. 
It is inscribed, Here lies Ose. 
It is inscribed, Here lies Sakahagi. 
It is inscribed, Here lies Skadi. 
It is inscribed, Here lies Specter. 
It is inscribed, Here lies Sui-Ki. 
It is inscribed, Here lies Thor. 
It is inscribed, Here lies Troll. 
It is inscribed, Here lies Yaksini. 
It is meant for a master swordsman 
It is my duty to bestow freedom. Ask, and you shall be set free. 
It is my duty to create the world that is to come 
It is my duty to save those who have gone astray Let me be your guide. 
It is my honor to die by your hands 
It is my honor to tell you that my little master has shown an interest in you. 
It is my master's wish that you listen before deciding upon a path to take. 
It is no longer of my concern 
It is not easy to learn your enemies' weaknesses Only through battles shall you gain knowledge. 
It is not man that makes the distinction It is the world. 
It is now time for us to part. 
It is reassuring to see that you did not do anything to embarrass my little master, such as dying. 
It is the power needed to call forth the god of creation. 
It is the will of the candelabra 
It is then that I shall return!! 
It is time for you to return to Tokyo. 
It is time to settle this, once and for all. 
It is true that all living things must perish 
It is vital that you receive this gift. 
It is your choice. Do as your heart desires. 
It looks a might weak to me Better take in a few winks. This is gonna take awhile! 
It looks like the new world will finally be made. 
It looks like this thing can keep record of your progress. Go ahead and try it. 
It looks like you can access the annex from the second floor. 
It looks like you can get to the other side from the Kalpa above, so 
It looks like you won't be able to escape 
It looks like you won't be able to escape. 
It looks like you'll be able to get away. 
It may actually be more painful than death 
It may be hard, but don't give up now 
It may have occurred to you that the candelabra were not in fact stolen 
It might, it might not Heheheh 
It really was the Ikebukuro girl 
It remains unchanging, like the still of the night. 
It seems as if someone is watching you 
It seems he came to see me, but he was also caught. 
It seems like you aren't able to use the terminal. 
It seems that has summoned a god for his Reason, Musubi. 
It seems that he has gained power using the Magatsuhi here. 
It seems that my measurements were a little off 
It seems that someone's trying to intercept my communication with you. 
It seems that the Link failed and you fell into the Amala Network. 
It seems that the Mantra are finally set on destroying the Nihilo. 
It seems that the Mantra's in trouble. 
It seems that the block lowers only on certain cycles of Kagutsuchi 
It seems that there is a man waiting for you at Ginza. Go and see him. 
It seems that these Fiends are killing each other. 
It seems that they have two formations when hiding. 
It seems that this Hikawa guy is going to become the leader of the world. Cool, huh? 
It seems that this floor is full of demons that live by the call of the wild. 
It seems that you and I have different objectives in climbing this tower 
It seems that you are a follower of Yosuga. 
It seems that you aren't able to use the terminal. 
It seems that you have enough members to handle things 
It seems that you have something other demons do not. 
It seems the Manikin is absorbed with talking to himself. 
It seems to have accepted you as its master. 
It shall provide a stairway to creation for the strong 
It should have absolutely no effect on our plan. 
It shouldn't take too long, though. 
It still feels like home, though. 
It struggles to right itself, but to no avail. For what reason did you flip the turtle? 
It took a while, but I was finally able to pinpoint the route to this terminal. 
It vexes me how the mud puppets cling to their futile dream 
It was a breach of the weapons prohibition. 
It was a guy who was held captive by the Mantra. His name's . Do you know him? 
It was a little confusing, wasn't it? No big deal. 
It was a necessary step toward the rebirth of the world 
It was a terrible demon that killed all those people! 
It was a while back, and he was with Yuko. 
It was all because of his discovery of the Scripture of Miroku, buried deep within the cult's library. 
It was all because of the mortal sin which he committed 
It was an entertaining show. I wasn't sure how it would turn out, but 
It was destroyed during the assault, and now it's completely shut down. 
It was here that I discovered my god, a god that even Hikawa is unaware of 
It was in one of ma chests, but I don't reckon I need it. 
It was like the voice of the universe You weren't harmed, were you? 
It was my god who did that; I couldn't do anything about it 
It was part of his prized collection. 
It was stupid to even ask you. 
It was such a short-lived happiness 
It will help you create a new world in this space filled with chaos, 
It will only hurt for an instant 
It will then convert you into a demonic human. 
It won't open from this side. 
It would be real bad if the Mantra came, so I can't open the gate. 
It would be wise to remember that. 
It would've made my life a lot easier if he'd been killed in Ikebukuro. 
It wouldn't be good if the Mantra came, so I can't open the gate. 
It'd be a shame for you to die now, so I'll give you a little help 
It'll be a perfect companion when exploring a new area. 
It'll be a while before you'll be able to get through here. 
It'll be even more dangerous now. 
It's a charming and dependable companion! 
It's a dream where da world becomes round 
It's a horrific demon on a red horse! 
It's a loooooong tunnel full of full of poisonous demons! 
It's a maze in there. Plus, there are steep slopes. 
It's a mess now, so it'll be a while before I'll be able to open up. 
It's a painting of a door. 
It's a painting of a hallway. 
It's a pity that we don't see eye to eye. But, maybe you'll come around to my way of thinkin'. 
It's a place not to be defiled by demons or humans. 
It's a shame what this world's coming to You folks oughtta get your priorities straight. 
It's a strong and beautiful kingdom, for those who attain the height of power. 
It's a system which gives me total control over the flow of Magatsuhi on a worldwide scale 
It's a thing of the past, though. 
It's a tough job, but someone's gotta do it, right? 
It's a world that's yet to be seen. 
It's all over for Nihilo. The Mantra has won! 
It's all over for the Mantra. 
It's almost time. Chaos will be here 
It's as quiet as a tomb. 
It's at the tip of my tongue! If only I had another 100 Macca 
It's back to having Magatsuhi squeezed outta me 
It's been a while since we last met, young man 
It's been fun! It's truly regrettable, but I have to kill you now. 
It's best not to bother with all this creation business. 
It's best you don't leave this hospital. 
It's big news to us oni You need to keep up with the world, man. 
It's called 'being nice', you little creep. 
It's cleverly disguised, but this is just bait. 
It's dangerous to go to the Cathedral of Shadows when you're cursed. 
It's definitely risky, but it's better than wandering around on your own. 
It's enough to bring my Reason, Musubi, into being. 
It's funny I told you that I'd be your strength, 
It's getting tough for you, huh? Now's the time to quit. 
It's going to be a refined new world where the weak don't exist. 
It's going to become busy again 
It's gonna wait with other demons for a new life 
It's good to know you're alive. Guess you didn't become a demon for nothing. 
It's great having my own shop, but 
It's great that we're free, but what do we do now? 
It's heads. You lose. I didn't think you'd fall for a simple trick like this, but 
It's him This is his doing!! 
It's hot like my hand is on fire 
It's inscribed as the demons are killed by you-know-who 
It's ironic that a human is using demons to his bidding, rather than the other way around. 
It's just like I said The world's all round! 
It's just worthless junk as far as I'm concerned. 
It's like Kagutsuchi's saying to come on up. 
It's like they're competing for something 
It's like we're all stuck inside of a sphere here in Tokyo. 
It's like we're in a crypt. 
It's locked from the other side. 
It's me, remember? Y'know, from the Underpass and the Prison Me! 
It's my duty to see her in person. 
It's natural for every living thing to die Therefore, medical treatment contradicts nature. 
It's natural for every living thing to die Treatment, therefore, contradicts nature. 
It's nice to have visitors, but this is ridiculous 
It's nice to see ya again, sonny. 
It's noisy for some reason Are the Mantra going down? 
It's not gonna be easy, that's for sure 
It's not like it should be 
It's obvious I can't count on you or Ms. anymore. 
It's okay to go this way, right? It's not a picture, is it? 
It's on an underground road in Asakusa that leads to a park. 
It's only a short distance to the other side, but every time you enter, you end up somewhere else 
It's perfect for monitoring their activities and finding out about the Nightmare System. 
It's practically impervious to any form of attack! 
It's pretty scary, when you think about it the struggle for power. Who knows, the end of this world might come sooner than we think 
It's probably just a rumor, though, since his body was shattered into pieces. 
It's probably really, really rare! That's why I'm selling it, hee ho. 
It's quite a surprise to see you here, Demi-fiend. 
It's really strange From the other side, the phase of Kagutsuchi determines where you'll end up, 
It's separated into three floors, and each leads to a storeroom where a Kila is kept. 
It's small, yet detailed, and it uses watermarking technology that changes patterns 
It's so strong, the higher levels aren't being formed properly. 
It's the joke of the century, don't ya think? 
It's too bad this terminal is under Nihilo's control. 
It's true that I lost everything. It was the saddest thing imaginable. 
It's true that the Conception did take place, and I assisted in making it happen. 
It's unfortunate that we have no spectators, 
It's up ahead on your left. 
It's up to you to decide how to deal with Hikawa. 
It's up to you to stop whatever's going on inside the Obelisk. 
It's you! Do you remember me? 
It's you're fault! I needed that spoon Take responsibility! 
Its light has special powers, and makes demons go mad. 
Its pure tone fills the air 
Izanami and I had long watched over the land of the rising sun. 
J-J-Just awhile back, Sakahagi went to Yoyogi 
Joining the Mantra doesn't seem like a bad idea, does it? What say you? 
Just 100 Macca more, really! Then, it's a done deal! 
Just a while back, a walked in. 
Just a while back, this used to be connected to the Ginza terminal. 
Just as I foresaw, you have come to Asakusa. 
Just as Lord Hikawa predicted It seems a rat has wandered in! 
Just as he said, your powers are far greater than what I have imagined. 
Just as the prophecy says, Reasons are appearing and this Vortex World is nearing the time of creation. 
Just beating Orthrus isn't going to overturn the decision. 
Just because Thor accepted you doesn't mean that I have! 
Just because Thor pardoned you, doesn't mean that I have. 
Just because she's beautiful, don't go doing weird things to her, okay!? 
Just go east from Shinjuku Station, and you can't miss it. 
Just kiddin'. Look, we've been waiting, but we haven't met Yuko. 
Just kidding!!!! Did you fall for that? 
Just leave it to me. I'll get you out, so head toward Ginza 
Just let me know when you're ready. 
Just listening to it makes me crazy! 
Just look at me I'm going absolutely nowhere 
Just our luck We were getting bored of the Mantra's stupidity. 
Just remember I'm Sakahagi, the future ruler of the demons 
Just remember that there is always a chance that something may go wrong 
Just remember that you can't offer a sacrifice if you're fusing with a Mitama. 
Just remember, you'll pay a high price for following that path. 
Just so you know, there's a place nearby that looks like a dead end, but you can actually go through it. 
Just thinking about it makes me! 
Just watch quietly as my god descends from above. 
Just when I thought I'd achieved happiness, my fortune collapsed like a house of cards. 
Justice is served all day long here in this bloody chamber. 
Kabukicho Prison is where the Mantra get their Magatsuhi. It's their lifeline, so to speak. 
Kagutsuchi It is the light whose sole purpose is to empower the one who will oversee creation. 
Kagutsuchi is the source of all light present in the middle of the world 
Kagutsuchi is the source of light and power for this world. 
Kagutsuchi may have cursed you, but I give you my blessing. 
Kagutsuchi repeats the process of birth and death. It will not wait for you. 
Kagutsuchi rises, matures, and falls in countless other places. 
Kagutsuchi shines On the path to victory The sweet scent of blood. 
Kagutsuchi the source of light and power for this world 
Kagutsuchi will allow a life form of its choosing to determine the course of the new world. 
KiLL aLL wHO geT IN mY wAy 
Kin-ki is not listening. What will you do? 
Know your enemies, and use attacks that they are against. 
Knowing that destruction was the fate of the world, he acted without remorse. 
Knowing your taste, it probably wouldn't interest me. 
L-Light gets me out! But, where is it? 
Lady is waiting for you up ahead. Please go on through. 
Lady will certainly build a strong world with the teachings of Yosuga as its basis. 
Lately, a lady's been seen around these parts. 
Learn your weakness through my illusions! 
Leavest not, and thy life shall be the price. 
Let fear grip your heart! Because of your transgressions, you will be cursed for all eternity! 
Let me ask thee a question 
Let me be. I want some time alone. 
Let me conclude by telling you about a human who has crossed your path 
Let me guess It ends with, More to come in our next issue, right? 
Let me know if you change your mind. 
Let me know when I am needed. 
Let me know when you decide what you want to do. 
Let me outta the World of Shadows! It's full of traps! It hurts Ow! 
Let me prophesy your future as a token of my gratitude. 
Let me rest awhile. Just a little 
Let me tell you about that god 
Let me tell you something, punk 
Let us duel to the death within my realm, where no one can interrupt us! 
Let us find out if this battle is an ordeal, or divine retribution! 
Let us see if our chosen Fiend will emerge victorious 
Let us see whether or not you can best the four knights of death 
Let us work harder and prepare for that time. 
Let's get going. will get mad if we make her wait too long. 
Let's just get this over with. I need my beauty sleep. 
Let's see, a drifting god How about ? 
Let's try our best to become super-cool, super-strong demons! Hee ho! 
Life or death You must choose even if choice defies reason. 
Light is coming from the hole. 
Light no longer shines upon you. 
Lighten up. It was just a joke. 
Like, I wanna be stronger, or I wanna be popular. Well, it grants most wishes 
Like, I'm glad we're both okay.? 
Listen closely to what I am about to tell you. 
Listen up. First, you need to get demons to join you. 
Listen, Fiend! Foul demon whose soul is tainted with darkness! 
Listen, I'm not the one who came up with this idea. He did. 
Little lamb that struggled through darkness and clung to life, you have done well until now. 
Living and dying must be hard, too 
Living here, I've realized that Nihilo's Reason of Shijima is the best. No more fighting, please. 
Long ago, there was a hero who fought against the tides of time in pursuit of a better world. 
Longing for but a single owner, they call out to each other and bring us together! 
Look at that The Mantra are in shambles. 
Look what you did! I was almost done digging, too 
Look, another demon who got lost in this prison. 
Look, even the reception desk is empty. 
Looking back on the past, it is evident that the history of mankind is comprised of meaningless events. 
Looking just at Asakusa, it's heartwarming to see the Manikins restore the town 
Looks like I lost. Here, take this. 
Looks like he's at Mifunashiro now. I wonder if he could tell me MY future 
Looks like something happened to the Manikins. 
Looks like the Amala Network never stays the same shape. 
Looks like this might turn out to be interesting after all 
Looks like this tunnel leads to Asakusa. 
Looks like we got the short end of the stick. 
Looks like you're safe. That's good to know. 
Looks like you've run into some nasty demons, boy. 
Lord Hikawa and the other Reason leaders have all headed upward. 
Lord Hikawa started later, but he must have something in mind. 
MY BODY IS MY MIRAGE WORLD IS DISAPPEARING!! 
Macca But, it seems you don't have enough. 
Macca. Are you okay with that? 
Madame Nyx at the bar in Ginza? 
Magatama, the essence of demonic power 
Magatsuhi escapes from my body, against my will 
Magatsuhi has the power to grant any wish you want! 
Magatsuhi is born from the flow of emotions, such as suffering, anxiety, and sadness 
Magatsuhi is flowing up toward Kagutsuchi. 
Magatsuhi is the source of demonic powers, I think. I don't know much about it 
Make like a tree and get outta here! 
Make sure you don't let any slip by you at the club or the lounge in Ginza. 
Make sure you don't make any trouble here. 
Make sure you go straight. Don't ever, ever turn left! Okay? 
Makes me think of long ago But, I feel sad for some reason Ho well 
Man can change the course of his next life, by his karma 
Man is destined to die, and the world to end Yet, still you challenge the order of the universe. 
Man, I should've tagged along. If only I'd known that there's a way out 
Man, I'm so glad that the Pixies are back to normal. 
Man, I've had a lot of free time on my hands 
Man, Tokyo's nothing like what the guide map says! 
Man, guess ya woke up with a snake in yer boot! 
Man, that Nightmare System It's more powerful than I ever imagined. 
Man, the Cathedral of Shadows is one great place. 
Man, what is up with this haunted house of a hospital? 
Man, what's going to happen to our world of Musubi!? 
Manikins are gathered in Mifunashiro, their holy ground, demanding their own Reason. 
Manikins were running about here, not long ago 
Mantra believes they've destroyed this base, but as you can see, the core is fully functional 
Mantra launched their assault at just the right time. 
Many of our fellow Manikins are suffering in Ikebukuro as slaves of the . 
Many of them were involved with a man that you have met 
May you be blessed by the light. 
May you prevail Our strength, our hope 
Maybe 100 Macca will refresh my memory!! 
Maybe I was just curious what warmth and kindness feel like 
Maybe he can tell us about Ms. and what we should do from here. 
Maybe lying here wasn't such a great idea. 
Maybe there'll be some between you two! 
Maybe there's a terminal over there that Nihilo's unaware of. 
Maybe those Manikins are up to something themselves 
Maybe we can figure out where the Nightmare System is located, or more about the Maiden 
Maybe we'll meet again, maybe not. We'll see. 
Maybe you could help me collect 'stuff' 
Maybe you should try and get out of this hospital. Good luck. 
Maybe you'll be able to do it. You're a demon, after all. 
Maybe you'll come to your senses if you spend some time alone 
Maybe you'll have better luck than I did trying to get to the bottom of all this. 
Me eAT yOU! aNd MaGaTSuhi ToO! Me EaT YOu, tOooOooOoO!! 
Me nO foRGEt yoUr uGLy FaCe! 
Me no let them escape! Me guard here! 
Me tired Me hate this Me don't care anymore 
Me want Me want eat More losers 
Meow! I have an idea! If you do something naughty with me, I'll tell you the name! 
Meow! Meow! That was terrific! Now, I need to keep my end of the bargain. 
Message Test Next are the choices 
Message Test Next are the choices. 
Message Test Now for the basics 
Message Test Now, for the basics 
Message Test. Next are the choices 
Message Test. Next are the choices. 
Mifunashiro attacked Futomimi killed It's over for the Manikins. 
Might be an enemy. Be careful 
Mighty creator, deliver the new world unto us!! 
Mizuchi The Emperor All the demons that become the boss of Kabukicho fall prey to you. 
Mizuchi is holding us captive in his mirage 
Mizuchi is on the floor above 
Mizuchi, the boss of this prison, is in that room over there! 
Mizuchi, the boss of this prison, is in there! 
Mmmm I like the way that sounds. *flirt* 
Mmmm You're pretty tense Ahhh How's this? 
Mmmm, you smell strongly of gems. 
Most importantly, we have to stop Hikawa. So, you're going. Case closed. 
Most things that are worthwhile require some sort of sacrifice. 
Musubi! Just awhile longer and the world of Musubi will arrive! 
My Quite handsome. You managed to navigate your way through my shadows? 
My body may perish, but my spirit will live on! 
My company grew as a result, and became highly regarded. 
My crimson armor shall glisten with your blood. 
My doubts and fears have caused you all a lot of trouble. 
My drinking buddy is somewhere up in Tokyo having a drink. 
My friend told me that he ran into an oni after falling into a hole. 
My goal is to become a super-cool and super-strong demon, like the great King. 
My god has spoken to me, but she has yet to reveal the Reason 
My god will emerge from the infinite space beyond the Amala Network. 
My god will surely teach me the Reason now 
My guess is that they're demons. 
My guess is, they're gonna try and revive the city of Asakusa. 
My hammer shall be the judge. 
My light, searing with anger, shall wipe you from existence! 
My little master and I are looking forward to it 
My little master has given me permission to enlighten you. 
My little master has pitied you. The least you could do is survive such a trivial thing as this. 
My little master is always watching you, so don't bore him 
My little master says that when the time comes, he will go with you to the battleground. 
My master has high hopes for you. 
My master is resting right now. 
My master would like to help you prepare for the forthcoming battles by sharing a portion of his power. 
My name's Hijiri. If we ever meet again, let me know what you thought about my article. 
My only wish is that you do not disappoint my little master with a dull ending 
My power was meant for one who sought the world's rebirth, upholding a worthy Reason! 
My powers are no match for yours!? 
My strange experience your new look and these weird creatures 
My troops shall entrap you as you move! 
My true form is more suitable for this test 
My, what a handsome boy! I can give you a massage! 
NO NEED TO WORRY, NOW THAT I'M HERE. 
NOR CAN YOU LAY A FINGER ON ME FROM THERE! 
Neither did I imagine that you would become this strong 
Nevertheless, Aradia is still an outsider. 
Nevertheless, the direction of the new world is still undetermined. 
Nevertheless, your betrayal cannot be forgiven. 
Next time you're on the floor above, pay attention to the ceiling. 
Next, is a demon that uses Elec attacks. Its weakness is , one of those. 
NiHIlo iS bAd! NIHiLo IS tRaSH! 
Nice work! Looks like the seals have been broken. 
Nice work. Now, let's hurry on. 
Nihilo has no rival. Are we just going to sit here, watching Hikawa make his world of stillness? 
Nihilo used to be the only ones that utilized the Magatsuhi in the Network, but I hear that recently a human's been hiding out inside. 
Nihilo's Nightmare System is at a standstill. 
Nihilo's base is southwest of Ginza in . 
Nihilo's rule is way too heavy-handed! 
No No matter how hard we work we are no match for demons, or for humans 
No The Mantra has been utterly destroyed by Nihilo's attack. 
No light remains in your heart, and your purpose is in defiance of my will 
No longer will people be able to interfere with each other's lives. Everyone will be happy 
No matter how many candelabra you gather, the shadow on your heart will not be lifted. 
No matter how many times you visit me, I'll heal you. Anything to make you go away! 
No matter how much I cry or shout, this nightmare won't end. 
No matter how much you demons threaten me, I will not yield! 
No matter how the world changes, I'll be your strength. 
No matter what the world is like, I won't give up. I'm going to believe in myself 
No matter what trials I face, or how much I get hurt 
No money to spare? That's okay, I don't have any either *sigh* 
No one can escape from this prison. 
No one can overcome their fate. 
No one had the desire to compete or become strong. And there was no need to, either. 
No one is on the roof. 
No one likes to be disturbed 
No one takes any initiative; they just sit and wait. 
No one tells me what to do 
No one was around, and my cell phone didn't work. 
No one's gonna help me in this world 
No one's gonna mess with my plans not even an old friend. 
No problem. I'll start right away. 
No way, man. I don't like your face! 
No wonder I was used by Hikawa 
No wonder they want to rebuild this town. 
No, I don't have any regrets. 
No, it was meant for me 
No, it was not a dream. 
No, not simply for demons to consume. 
No, those four were insanely strong! I could tell 
No, we have Futomimi! It must be possible! 
Noah is incredible! We don't need to join together like those other Reasons. 
Nobody realized it, but they were not really happy. They were simply lazy. 
Normally this would be not be permitted, but I will make an exception for you. 
Not Hikawa, or your teacher, or even you! 
Not again I need ma' pills! 
Not bad at all I like your style. 
Not bad for an ordinary human, eh? 
Not enough Magatsuhi to sate your thirst? You are quite a greedy one. 
Not just about what I have to do in this world, 
Not just any demons Even the strong ones. 
Not only Surt, but Mada as well 
Not only is it dangerous, it's VERY dangerous!! 
Nothing can harm this demon! It can't even be scratched! 
Nothing good ever happens when demons appear. Case in point with that creep Forneus. 
Nothing is showing on the giant screen 
Nothing more needs to be done. The targeted amount of Magatsuhi will be reached shortly. 
Nothing would really change. I'm doing what I want now, anyway. 
Now As you may already know, our enemy is the Assembly of Nihilo. 
Now You seem to have some brains, unlike those Mantra fools. 
Now something bad IS gonna happen to me! 
Now that Futomimi's dead, Asakusa's nothing but a ghost town. 
Now that Gozu-Tennoh is gone, the prison is just a slum for the ex-members of the Mantra. 
Now that I think about it, 
Now that I think of it 
Now that the Mantra demons are gone, this place feels like home. 
Now that the Nightmare System has been activated, no one can stop the Assembly of Nihilo. 
Now, I can finally look face-to-face with my darkness without being bothered. 
Now, I have the power to shape my own destiny 
Now, I must return to my meditations. I have to foresee our new future. 
Now, I want you to say my name out loud. 
Now, I'd appreciate it if you'd stand aside and cease with the interruptions 
Now, all we need to do to create the world of Shijima is obtain power from Kagutsuchi! 
Now, do you feel like fighting me? 
Now, do you see something shining in the center of this world? 
Now, don't let anything happen to that cute little face! 
Now, for the latest in entertainment, we move over to Ashimoto! 
Now, for the latest in sports, we move over to Mannaka! 
Now, go and join the others that you have lost 
Now, go home! Everyone else, do the same. 
Now, go. It is your fate to unleash the power of creation 
Now, hurry up and summon Mara! 
Now, it's our turn to enslave the demons! 
Now, just one more. Don't let up now! 
Now, let us fight alongside each other! 
Now, let's join together and fight for our beliefs!! 
Now, let's try the next level! 100 Macca more! 
Now, like my comrades, I must lend my powers to him. 
Now, prove your strength to me!! 
Now, return to your world. Here, the power of chaos will overwhelm you 
Now, sacrifice yourself to my god and fulfill your duty as the Maiden 
Now, then We must return to our duties. 
Now, there is no reason for this world to exist. I shall have to wait for the next opportunity. 
Now, there's a demon living in the annex even more frightening than Forneus! 
Now, this is a big surprise. 
Now, this is what I call stillness. 
Now, to acquire a Reason, you must receive divine protection from a god, 
Now, turn around and go home. 
Now, we can create our ideal world of stillness! 
Now, we can leave the hospital whenever we want! 
Now, where were we? Oh yeah, read this part. 
Now, with Musubi, we can do whatever we want! 
Now, you can move on. Good luck! 
Nowadays, those damn Manikins are talking about creation 
O Demi-fiend Thou hast set foot into my chamber of judgement. 
O Kagutsuchi Hath the destroyer appeared? Or is he? 
O demon of noble blood, welcome. 
O noble Demi-fiend, I am honored to meet you! 
OF THE CLAN. NICE TO MEET YOU. 
Obliterate those who believe in Reasons other than our own, and pave the way for the kingdom of Shijima! 
Occasionally, there are visitors like you, but they all disappear up ahead. 
Oddly enough, it feels like I've met them somewhere before 
Of all the things in this world, some have ceased to exist, while others are adapting to the new world by changing form 
Of course, I didn't have the balls to do anything about it back then, when I was still playing by society's rules. 
Of course, I highly doubt that you'll last long against the Wicked King, let alone defeat him. 
Of course, I would have never succeeded. 
Of course, he planned to use the Magatsuhi himself 
Of course, the world hasn't been reborn yet. 
Of those two forces that are waging war right now--Nihilo and the Mantra 
Oh I can see that you've been listening. 
Oh I wasn't expecting you, . 
Oh It's you, the one who won the trial. 
Oh The one who talks to himself! 
Oh There is still power inside you which has yet to be set free. 
Oh dear, Aradia has entered this world. 
Oh my, a demon opened the way to Kagutsuchi. 
Oh so the Magatsuhi was used up already. 
Oh well I guess I'll have to finish this myself. 
Oh well We got all their treasure, anyway. 
Oh well, he'll give himself away eventually. 
Oh well. Time to get to work. 
Oh yeah I hear a Mantra demon got in, so watch out! 
Oh yeah, I found out something interesting about Asakusa. This is where the Manikins are created. 
Oh yeah, I found out something interesting about this place. It's where the Manikins are created. 
Oh yeah, there's something else you should know. 
Oh yeah, there's something you should know. 
Oh yeah, you better make sure you look nice for her. 
Oh yeah. It might seem like I'm making you do all the work, but 
Oh! Did I scare you? I'm trying to impersonate that demon I met. 
Oh, I almost forgot. I met a human inside the Amala Network just a minute ago. 
Oh, I forgot to mention. plays a key part in this system. 
Oh, I'm so in love with our leader! 
Oh, I'm sure you would have. 
Oh, come on! Listen to me. 
Oh, come on. You're not gonna let Nihilo have things their way, are you? 
Oh, excuse me. That was completely irrelevant. 
Oh, fine Hurry up and get ready! 
Oh, gawd! That's what makes him so cool! 
Oh, hell! The elevator stopped working!! 
Oh, it's you. Dude! Don't scare me like that! 
Oh, my little master, are we leaving already? 
Oh, so it's just a rumor. 
Oh, well Since you came this far, I'm not going to stop you. 
Oh, what a cute little boy! 
Oh, what to do? Yosuga? Maybe Musubi? 
Oh, what's the use Keep it up, ! 
Oh, wow! You already have it. 
Oh, yeah. If you take too much time, the blocks will fall and drop on you! 
Oh, yeah. When I told Isamu about all this, he went to have another look around. 
Oh, yeah. You're stuck, huh? Just wait asec 
Oh, you don't have enough Macca Come back when you do. 
Oh, you mean that thing they're showing on TV? 
Oh, you too!? You also got sucked into Skadi's shadows? Ha-ha-ha! 
Oh, you're back. I don't have anything for you, but 
Oh, you're not gonna tell me? 
Oh, you're sooo close! You're bound to find the exit any minute now. 
Oh, you're that kid who was with Chiaki! 
Oh. That's too bad. I thought you were different. 
Ohohoho I will not allow you past here. 
Ohohoho Persistent men are not well-liked, you know! 
Okay The first battle is just to test your skills. It's still a humongous beast, though. 
Okay The hearing is made up of . You need to . 
Okay, it's time to say goodbye. Soon, you'll have all the rest you could ever want. 
Okay, pick one box that you like. I'll give you what's inside. 
Okay, then I'll tell you a couple'a things 'bout your opponents. 
Okay, then I'll tell you some things about your opponents. 
Okay, you get the special discount price of 1 Macca. 
Okay. Take one step beyond this point, and 
Okey-dokey, pick any box you like! I'll give you what's inside it. 
On second thought, forget what I just said. 
On the day we fell from heaven, time came to a halt for us 
On top of that, demons saw you in the Great Underpass. You may be a Nihilo spy 
On your way here, did you see a corridor that you couldn't enter, one that was spinning? 
Once I entrust you with my Reason and send you on your way, I can finally witness the world that I envisioned. 
Once I have that power I'll be worthy of receiving the Reason from my god. 
Once I send you, I'll head over to Ginza too. 
Once you exit, Asakusa's right there. 
Once you retrieve the candelabrum, please set it on that pedestal. 
Once you see that magnificent sight, your opinion shall change 
Once you wish for it, it'll come into being. 
Once you're a demon, you can use . 
Once you're down there, it won't be easy coming back up. 
Once you're inside, you can never get out. 
One Fiend challenged you, unaware of the truth, 
One customer, right up! Datsue, can you come over here? 
One has already emerged in Sannou, 
One of these worlds is where Aradia originated. 
One who possesses a demon's strength, yet retains his humanity 
One who possesses a strong will can change everything in this world. 
Only a servant of darkness may pass 
Only a servant of light may pass 
Only authorized personnel are allowed in the . 
Only one loyal to neither light nor darkness may pass 
Only one of us will escape this domain alive. 
Only the greatest warrior is worthy of such power. 
Only the select few deserve to live. 
Only the select few deserve to live. Don't you agree? 
Only the strong may make it to the top of Kagutsuchi! 
Only those who believe in power may enter! 
Ooooh!! Why don't you just walk around until something eats you, then! 
Ooooooh It says '1000' on it!! Wonder what that's worth? 
Or do I get the sense you want us to stay together? Hmmm??? 
Or was, at least. It ended pretty fast. 
Or were you worried about that guy? 
Or what's left of it. It's all in the past, now. 
Or, are you here to 'help' Commander Hikawa? 
Or, are you trying to bribe me and get info outta me? 
Or, did you want them to feel the same agony of defeat that you felt? 
Or, will we forever remain in waiting, while history repeats itself? 
Orthrus and Yaksini lost. They weak. 
Otherwise I don't know what I'll do. 
Otherwise, you'll be living in the dark Literally! 
Our destiny is to be slaves to the demons. 
Our goal is to create a new kingdom-- the kingdom of Yosuga. 
Our goals are the same just as I suspected. 
Our god of Yosuga will soon descend upon us at Asakusa. 
Our god shall soon descend upon us, and we shall acquire our Reason. 
Our holy land, Mifunashiro, is just past here. 
Our job is done. We pray for your success. 
Our leader, Futomimi, is being held in a special room on the top floor. 
Our leader, Gozu-Tennoh, aims to build a utopia where only the strong may live. 
Our master is waiting there. Don't give up now! 
Our old headquarters' been bustling with activity lately. 
Our world of Shijima draws nigh! 
Pardon me, now. I must be going. Please keep it up. 
People said they wanted peace, but they continued to act selfishly, accepting no personal responsibility for the world's problems. 
People say that Loki owns a bunch of different things. He's at Nyx's Lounge. 
Perhaps it is an exclusive love for one's self. 
Persuaded by the fallen angel, you destroyed the seeds of creation, denying the reincarnation of the world. 
Phew! That was a close one. 
Phew!! I think I'll let you off with that for today. 
Phew!! I'm sooooo glad they didn't spot me! 
Pixie changed the tone of her voice. 
Please allow me to release whatever power I may. 
Please be careful. I wish you the best 
Please defeat him and save Futomimi!! 
Please do not rush onto the train. The door is now closing. 
Please don't be sad I'm happy that I can die at the hand of a friend 
Please lead us to the world of Yosuga 
Please put the Yahirono Himorogi to good use 
Please rest here, and fight for the sake of Shijima. 
Please retrieve the next set of Candelabra and return them to the Labyrinth. 
Please retrieve the next set of candelabra and return them to the Labyrinth. 
Please retrieve the remaining candelabra as soon as possible, and then come see my master. 
Please spare me Please, please, spare my life! 
Please visit us at the deepest part of the Labyrinth. 
Please, help our Lord create the world of Shijima! I'm cheering you on! 
Plus, I hear there's a total of 
Poor human, he wants to give you a special gift. 
Power It is sought by all. 
Power is everything!! The weak are too soft and have no right to live. 
Prepare for your journey to oblivion! 
Prepare yourself well if you don't want to die. 
Pretend you fought really, really hard. 
Protect our children from the temptations of juvenile delinquency!! 
Quit complaining, this is the last job I have for you. 
Quite a few of them returned here to Asakusa after the fall of the Mantra. 
Quite amusing, if I do say so myself. After all, the world will soon be Yosuga's. 
RARR!! US DEMONS HAVE IT ROUGH. 
Rascals! You grow bolder with each with each passing day! 
Read the writing on the tombstones while wearing the 
Receive my salvation Accept your death! 
Record of Aciel: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of Ahriman: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of Albion: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of Baal Avatar: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of Black Frost: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of Forneus: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of Fuu-Ki: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of Kaiwan: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of Kin-Ki: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of Mara: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of Mithra: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of Mizuchi: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of Noah: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of Ongyo-Ki: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of Orthrus: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of Ose: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of Sakahagi: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of Skadi: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of Specter: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of Sui-Ki: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of Thor: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of Troll: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of Yaksini: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of the Moirae Sisters: Defeated in turn(s). 
Remember that you Lo! A new force is about to emerge in Ikebukuro! 
Remember that you are what is right. That is my truth. 
Remember those Manikins that were enslaved by the Mantra? I heard they're rebuilding the town of . 
Remember? You saw one just like it at the hospital. 
Return to the entrance of the Labyrinth? 
Right now, it is but a mere shadow. 
Sacrificial fusion will allow you to create demons with higher stats and more skills. 
Sakahagi used that to summon a powerful demon. 
Sakahagi, huh? That was one creepy guy. 
Save us We're trapped in the mirage 
Screw Hikawa, I should just follow you! 
Screw everyone for making fun of us just because we're Manikins! 
Second, the new demon has affinities with certain skills, making some easier to remember. 
See that building that's eating up the Magatsuhi of Tokyo? 
See that? The Magatsuhi he's gathering will give power to my Reason. 
See ya, . Give yourself some time to think about it 
See you later I hope you get to Ikebukuro safely. 
See? Isn't it great?! I love beating others into the ground! 
Seems that a human girl's involved. Could it be the one you talked to way back then? 
Seems that she came from some hospital. 
Seen the basement? Dude! It's like they're making some sorta monster down there. 
Seize the last candelabrum from my hand! 
Seriously, you can't see a thing in there! 
Shall we go pay a visit to the ruler of hell? His servants' heads will make nice souvenirs. 
Sharp pain runs through his body, and he falls unconscious 
She and the Commander are the ones holding Nihilo together. 
She did it She did it! We've won! 
She emerged in response to the cries of witches who were persecuted for their beliefs. 
She is collecting Magatsuhi with her powers 
She is from a Vortex World beyond the boundaries of this world. 
She is merely the god of forsaken freedom 
She is the Maiden of creation not the teacher you once knew. 
She may technically be a demon But she's real nice and will listen to your worries! 
She might have been one of the few surviving humans, but I guess you had no choice 
She sucks the blood of intruders in her World of Shadows. 
She was a god who could only give hope to her believers. 
She was beaten by Sakahagi, yet somehow survived and limped to safety, but 
She was creepy, like she was possessed by something She was hot, though! 
She was drawn here by the power of Magatsuhi. 
She will be the foundation for our new world. 
She will set forth on the path of creation, and I will guide her. 
She will surely teach me the Reason for creation 
She's been a great help to me. Her abilities as the Maiden have been invaluable. 
She's got defense, but more importantly, she packs a wallop of a punch! 
She's helped me out so many times when I was in trouble. Her advice is priceless! 
She's not only noble, she's sharp! 
She's probably a monster here to eat us! 
She's probably all mad at me 'cuz I've been gone so long *sigh* It's hard to please a girl with her upbringing. 
She's so nice, listening to everyone's worries! 
Shijima and Yosuga are too busy looking for Magatsuhi. 
Shijima is a still world that isn't controlled by emotions. 
Shijima, Yosuga, Musubi Which Reason will guide Tokyo? 
Shinjuku, Ginza, Ikebukuro, Asakusa Then, back around to Shinjuku. 
Shoot I shouldn't have been so greedy 
Shouldn't you hurry? The countdown's already started. 
Show me the strength of a demon 
Show me your incomparable strength! Let me see the raging heart of a demon! 
Side with them, or side against them. r world be born. 
Since you're here too, does that mean this is Shinjuku Medical Center? 
Since you're in here, does that mean we can get out now? 
So Did you come here to defy nature and be treated? 
So I'm thinking of going on a journey to train myself, but I need money, hee ho 
So If you want to save that man, then you'll have to beat them. 
So basically, I transported myself here from the hospital. 
So by accompanying you, he has unknowingly been fulfilling his new destiny. 
So he'll rough you up if you tick him off. 
So if that goes down, so does the Mantra's headquarters. 
So it was you who sided with . 
So much anger All because of that boy Even to this day, I still ache for revenge. 
So much time has passed, yet my soul still burns with rage. 
So talk all you want there. 
So yeah, I stopped blaming you for not helping me back then. 
So yeah, I'm sorry, but can you come directly to the hospital? 
So you have chosen to live as a demon Your visit to the old gentleman has made you even stronger, I see. 
So, Hikawa was using her, huh? 
So, I came all the way here, just to tell Kagutsuchi: Make it! 
So, I leave the underpass every so often, convincing the gatekeeper to let me through. 
So, I ran outside for help, but 
So, I think you should stay away from there. 
So, I was trying to do that. I mean, I could use the treasure! But, I guess it's not working 
So, I'll give it to you if you'd like. 
So, I'll give you a sporting chance. 
So, are you ready to hire the number one demon slayer? 
So, be prepared for the worst. Don't say I didn't warn ya. 
So, can you help me out by buying lots of stuff, hee ho? 
So, can you look around Ginza and gather some info about Hikawa? 
So, did you decide to enter the Amala Network? 
So, get going I won't try and stop you this time. 
So, get outta here, right now! 
So, go. Nothing was created, but you have achieved the eternal chaos you desired. 
So, have you decided to pay me 20,000,000 Macca? 
So, how was the end of the world? Did you enjoy it? 
So, if you use it right, you can have a demon with innate skills. 
So, is Magatsuhi the source of demonic powers? No one's given me a clear answer 
So, is that guy who lived at the Asakusa terminal doing okay? 
So, it might be a good idea to scan the area to see where they're hiding. 
So, it's safe to walk around! 
So, keep it to yourself, would you? 
So, let us now decide who is truly superior. Challenge me with all your might! 
So, let's hurry up and save them. 
So, make like the little ballerina that you are and spin around, and go back where you came from! 
So, make sure you use your actions wisely. 
So, my little master, do you think it's possible for a demon to steal the show at the performance's conclusion? 
So, no matter how much demons like you cause trouble, we won't be disturbed. 
So, now it's connected to the Ginza terminal, but 
So, tell me Are you feelin' lucky? 
So, that's why we don't have to panic. 
So, that's why we have nothing to fear. 
So, the Emperor WAS Heeho!? Wow! 
So, there are demons that jump in here, looking for Magatsuhi. 
So, this is the power of the so-called 'Demi-fiend' Pretty impressive. 
So, this poor demon's lost and he's all alone? How sad. 
So, those holding candelabra did attract each other 
So, those tatoos are just there to make you look tough? 
So, thou art the demon who came from afar? 
So, thou hast come for mine assistance 
So, was the report about needing to unlock the core a hoax? 
So, what is it that you'd like to know about? 
So, what the hell is going on? 
So, while you were gone, I was working on that and 
So, why tell you all this? I figure you have the right to know before you die 
So, you actually came. You really are a nosy guy. 
So, you are a mere demon after all. 
So, you are the true leader of Yosuga, defeating Lady 
So, you are trying to get into the shrine? 
So, you beat two You really are strong! 
So, you finally came to your senses, huh? Alright then, let's talk business. 
So, you have made it to the last floor. 
So, you see, leveling up the demons you already have is never a waste. 
So, you stand before me with the Reason of Musubi 
So, you stand before me with the Reason of Shijima 
So, you stand before me with the Reason of Yosuga 
So, you understand the greatness of Shijima? 
So, you weren't dead after all 
So, you're the 'Demi-fiend' that's here to save that Hijiri? Whatever, man! 
So, you're the young demon that Thor accepted? 
Society didn't shun me, I shunned the society! 
Some Manikins have possessed exceptional strength. 
Some demons don't fuse with others, like those from dark and light alliances. 
Some demons from a rival group came on a reconnaissance mission 
Some guy gave it to me. 
Some members of the Gaea cult were against him, and the Order of Messiah tried to stop him, but 
Some of that consists of our people from Mifunashiro. 
Some of them'll attack just for talking to them! 
Some will ask for specific demons. 
Someone is in the other hallway 
Someone is in the other hallway. 
Someone is scheming to ignite the ember that still glows within the remains of Gozu-Tennoh. 
Someone jacked up my room! Who did this!? 
Someone just like you passed by here a while ago. 
Someone must have sent him to burning hell. Good riddance. 
Something happened! They must've been doing something! 
Sometimes I can hears the voice of an oni from this here platform! 
Sometimes it takes awhile, sometimes it doesn't 
Sometimes there are accidents during the ritual. 
Sometimes, telling the truth has its advantages. Go ahead, it's yours. 
Sometimes, you just need to relax and pay no heed to the time. 
Somewhere in here are doors that will test your demons. 
Soon after, your paths crossed again 
Soon, Gozu-Tennoh will order us to attack the Assembly of Nihilo. 
Soon, a new leader will be born 
Soon, my dream will be realized. 
Soon, we will create the world of Musubi. 
Sorry if I pressured you too much, but I managed to get here after all. 
Sorry kid, but I don't think they serve milk or juice boxes in this place. 
Sorry to bother you again. There's more junk in our way. 
Sorry, but I can't help you right now. I need to concentrate on this. 
Sorry, but I can't let you have the Kila. So, take a hike. 
Sorry, but it's time to say goodbye forever. 
Speaking of Fiends, there's the *mumble* 
Speaking of which, I saw a human head toward Shibuya. 
Stability created by regulations, or chaos resulting from freedom 
Standing here talking won't get us anywhere. 
Stay tuned to see what the weather forecast has planned. 
Still, something's seriously up with this hospital. No one was there, huh? 
Stop sleeping! You're about to be escorted to court! 
Strange things are happening at Ikebukuro and the Amala Network. 
Such strength I see why Commander Hikawa thinks so highly of you. 
Summon the magnificent ! This is going to be sooo sweet!! 
Suppose you kill the animal with your newfound strength You crush it barehanded! 
Supposedly, if you rotate one all the way around, you'll receive a blessing, just as you would by reading the scriptures. 
Suuuuuure! A wimpy little nerd like you beating him up 
TAKE THIS AS A SIGN OF OUR MEETING. 
THE GREAT POWER I FELT IS GONE 
THE WORLD YOU'RE TRYING TO CREATE 
THEN, YOU SHOULD LOOK FOR THE ! 
THERE'S ANOTHER DEMON WHO KNOWS WHERE IT IS. 
THINK OF HOW YOU WANT TO DIE. I'LL GIVE YOU TIME. 
Take a look at this device Its function is to collect the Magatsuhi. 
Take good care of my treasure! It's 'precious' to me! 
Take me, , with you and we'll raise hell! 
Take my advice and lay low. Otherwise 
Take that dance hall, for example. What do they call it? A club? 
Take the advice of a long-time Asakusa resident! 
Take this, then. Think of it as payment. At least I'm not an asshole like you! *pfffft* 
Take your time and look around. Since you helped me out before, I'll sell to you at wholesale. 
Talk to that Manikin collector if you want the . 
Teenagers these days They've got strange names for just about everything 
Tell him to summon Mara and make our lives a little easier! 
Tell me the truth Do you really believe in freedom? 
Th-That traitor, Sakahagi is going wild up ahead 
Th-Then, save me! B-Beat those other demons! 
ThIS tIMe I wiLL kILL yOu, anD becoMe hApPy!! 
ThIS, tiME, I kILL yOu aND fEeL gOod! 
Thank you for buying so much. 
Thank you for defeating Mizuchi. Now, we can finally escape from this mirage. 
Thank you very much! This time, we can finally get out!! 
Thank you very much! We can finally get out!! 
Thank you very much. Starting today, I work for you. 
Thank you. Our friends can finally rest now 
Thanks for all the trouble you've gone through, . 
Thanks for beating the demon in this room-- Wait 
Thanks for buying over 1000 Macca worth of stuff! 
Thanks for everything, . Say hi to the world I dreamed of for me 
Thanks for getting rid of him. 
Thanks for keeping me entertained, . Good luck to ya 
Thanks to him, the Mantra finally look like an organization. 
Thanks to them, my arrival went unnoticed. 
Thanks to this god-forsaken poison swamp 
Thanks to ya, ma lifelong dream's been fulfilled. 
Thanks to you, I'm back to normal. 
Thanks, I'm not planning on staying there long. 
That Manikin Sakahagi went into the communications tower site! 
That Momunofu lost to you because he was weak. It's as simple as that. 
That Sakahagi messed everyone up and slipped right inside 
That dog Maybe it's guarding the Mantra Or, maybe it just likes hounding people. 
That entrance is locked right now, but I can take care of it. With this terminal, it'll be a piece of cake. 
That girl is not an ordinary human 
That goes double when our principles differ. 
That guy will probably burn you to ashes with his breath! 
That guy's coming with me In fact, I better get going now. 
That hot chick is here, too. 
That incident at the park followed shortly thereafter. 
That incredible power It might've been the Great Will coming to observe us. 
That is my Reason the Reason of Musubi. 
That is probably because you have the potential to affect the course of the new world. 
That is the ideal way of life. 
That is the only way to salvation, as recorded in an ancient prophecy. 
That is the way of Amala, as determined by the Great Will. 
That is unacceptable. You cannot create a new world like this. 
That is what created this Vortex World, 
That is what happened in Tokyo. 
That is what he and my master planned. 
That is why we would like to ask you a favor. 
That is your punishment for your unforgivable sin 
That is, of course, if you can defeat me the last of the Fiends. 
That lady who was heading to Yoyogi Park was lookin' fiiiiiine! 
That makes it the perfect place for to summon his god. 
That means the Wicked King has been defeated, but 
That old geezer intends for the Fiends to kill each other off 
That old guy what a client. This is gonna be one tough job. 
That power I felt It was you? 
That power That sheer will is truly worthy of Yosuga. 
That silly little snowman, Jack Frost, never mentioned you! 
That skin of yours will make a nice coat! 
That state of panic You stepped on a shadow, didn't you? 
That swordsman with immeasurable strength and two pistols I see you survived the battle against him. 
That thunder ball gets us all riled up!! 
That vicious Manikin won't be able to do anything just by himself. 
That wall right there. Open your eyes and look! 
That warp device over there will take me to the floor above 
That was a waste of time Everyone, back to business! 
That was quick. You already beat one!? 
That was the way of the world. 
That woman seems like she's up to something! 
That's . Don't even think of touching it! 
That's a good one, huh? Tokyo's forever in chaos! Hahahahahahaha!! 
That's a very rare item that you have there. 
That's about all the help I can offer. 
That's all I ever wanted, hee ho! 
That's all the info I have, corky! Hurry up and get along before someone finds us. 
That's all the info I have. 
That's all you really need to know right now. 
That's another bad thing that's gonna happen to me 
That's fine. If you change your mind, feel free to come back anytime. 
That's fine. You can have this . 
That's incredible!! A runt, like you, beating them!! 
That's it, playtime's over! I'm gonna kick you out of there, !! 
That's my room! Don't even think of touching it! 
That's not a bad thing, or a sad thing either. 
That's probably because I was sad myself. 
That's right I'm the real one. 
That's right My name is . 
That's right We will all become gods! 
That's right! You need demons on your side. 
That's right, Mr. Baphomet. Just like the guy on the right said! 
That's right. Emotions bring forth great powers. 
That's some skill those Nihilo demons have. 
That's the kind of place Tokyo is 
That's the mindset we need to be at. 
That's the one!! Aren't cults horrifying??? You never know what they're gonna to do!! 
That's what I feel like yelling right now. 
That's what I used to hear, but not recently. 
That's what I was going to say, but you came from inside! 
That's what a demon I just met over there said. 
That's what a demon I met earlier told me, but I have no idea what it means. 
That's what everybody else thought, too. People envied me for my fortune until that one day 
That's what the Manikins told me before leaving. 
That's what the guy at Rag's said. 
That's what the tough-talking Jack Frost was saying when he left the building. 
That's where I'm headed, too. What a coincidence. 
That's why Hikawa, a human, was collecting Magatsuhi. 
That's why I didn't stop you from going to the Obelisk. 
That's why I pick the lies 
That's why I should be the one creating the new world! 
That's why I want to create my ideal society, 
That's why I want to offer my services to you. 
That's why I'm checking this thing out. 
That's why our beliefs are based on power. 
That's why we live in hiding in this underpass. 
That's why we've sealed off the path up ahead. 
The 'Demi-fiend' is the one that's going to create the new world 
The Amala Network What I'm looking for is in there. 
The Assembly of Nihilo Hikawa's finally begun to move. 
The Assembly of Nihilo They're quite a dangerous bunch 
The Assembly of Nihilo conceived their Reason of Shijima, was it? 'A world of stillness', right? 
The Assembly of Nihilo desires a . 
The Assembly of Nihilo had a higher goal than just ruling over Tokyo. 
The Assembly of Nihilo has a human they call the. 
The Assembly of Nihilo has an ace up their sleeve. 
The Assembly of Nihilo is aiming for a world of silence, 
The Assembly of Nihilo is in shambles! Hahahahahaha! 
The Assembly of Nihilo is using terminals to suck Magatsuhi from the Amala Network. 
The Assembly of Nihilo must have been created at that time as well, to aid him in creation. 
The Assembly of Nihilo now needs to think of another way to collect Magatsuhi. 
The Assembly of Nihilo sure is quiet 
The Assembly of Nihilo was created at that time as well, to aid him in creation. 
The Assembly of Nihilo's gonna get their asses handed to them! 
The Assembly of Nihilo's got brains, unlike that other band of ruffians. 
The Assembly of Nihilo's rule is way too stiff! 
The Assembly of Nihilo. Second Entrance. 
The Cathedral of Shadows devised a new type of fusion, called . 
The Collector Manikin is near a hole. 
The Collector Manikin opened a store. 
The Collector Manikin was caught recently 
The Commander is a clever one Ha ha ha! 
The Commander is such a bright man! 
The Conception Because of it, the Vortex World was born. 
The Conception occurred as he planned, and now creation will follow. 
The DJ is going full blast. 
The DJ is totally into it. 
The Demonic Compendium is now available for use. 
The Emperor is Kabukicho's number one, hee ho! 
The Emperor just appeared out of nowhere! 
The Emperor of Kabukicho has finally made his comeback!! 
The Emperor on the top floor is doing whatever he pleases in my territory! 
The Fiends and the Labyrinth of Amala were ordeals meant to test you. 
The Fiends possess strength beyond compare But, I have confidence in you. 
The Fiends that stole the candelabra are unique and powerful demons. 
The Fiends were prepared for the creation of that demon. 
The Great Will once granted the world freedom, 
The Great Will shall curse you for going against his way, 
The Labyrinth of Amala is like a reverse world to most newcomers. 
The Labyrinth of Amala used to have some incredible treasure. 
The Lady of the Fount is hot as usual! You visiting? 
The Lady of the Fount's hot You met her yet? 
The Magatsuhi in that area will be depleted, and the Mantra will die out in no time. 
The Magatsuhi in this building is already ours. 
The Magatsuhi those foreign gods were hoarding is now mine. 
The Maiden is at the top floor. 
The Maiden was Nihilo's key to destroying the Mantra. 
The Manikin is holding on to something. 
The Manikin jumped into the hole. 
The Manikins are falling apart, since the dream of their world and Futomimi are both gone. 
The Manikins have retired from the race. 
The Manikins returned to their rooms. 
The Manikins went to Asakusa, I hear. 
The Manikins won't turn against me, will they!? 
The Mantra and Nihilo have finally started it! Inquiring minds want to know 
The Mantra and the Assembly of Nihilo oppose each other because their ideals differ. 
The Mantra are about to launch a full-scale attack on Nihilo! 
The Mantra are busy attacking Nihilo, so now's a great chance to collect stuff around Ikebukuro! 
The Mantra are collecting Magatsuhi while using Ikebukuro as their headquarters. 
The Mantra are headed for Nihilo's headquarters in Ginza. 
The Mantra are real different from the demons of Nihilo. 
The Mantra attacked the Assembly of Nihilo. 
The Mantra can't appreciate true beauty! 
The Mantra demons are gone, but the Yosuga demons are now here 
The Mantra demons rampage about, doing whatever their instincts tell them to. 
The Mantra has fallen and the damn Manikins have moved into town. 
The Mantra have a facility for draining Magatsuhi from Manikins. 
The Mantra is run by Gozu-Tennoh's right-hand man, named . 
The Mantra keeps something real valuable behind the door in the back. 
The Mantra left Ikebukuro in a giant mass. 
The Mantra of Ikebukuro are a rowdy group. 
The Mantra squeeze Magatsuhi from us! 
The Mantra's attack The halt of the Nightmare System and the loss of the Maiden 
The Mantra's attack will fail. I'm sure of it. 
The Mantra's city of Ikebukuro is a place ruled by violence. 
The Mantra's finished, Nihilo's gaining ground and we still have no idea where our teacher is 
The Mantra's headquarters was empty, so I came here, hee ho. 
The Mantra's most important facility is beyond this gate. 
The Mantra's number two. His packs quite a punch! So, look out! 
The Mantra? We don't give a damn! 
The Mantras went to attack Nihilo. 
The Moirae Sisters are waiting on the floor above. 
The Moirae Sisters have set devices to stop intruders. 
The Nightmare System The system that defeated Gozu-Tennoh 
The Nightmare System has been activated. 
The Nightmare System has been stopped 
The Nightmare System was put to a halt by someone. 
The Nightmare System's inside it, along with all the Magatsuhi that's been collected. 
The Nihilo are nothing but a bunch of rude demons! How dare they play around with me! 
The Nihilo base of operations is right outside of Ginza. 
The Nihilo demons are on the other side of the railroad tracks 
The Nihilo demons aren't coming back! 
The Nihilo demons haven't come back at all since they left for the headquarters. 
The Nihilo demons headed for the tower that came down from Kagutsuchi. 
The Nihilo demons suddenly arrived, and now the halls are all messed up! 
The Nihilo demons were all worked up! 
The Obelisk looks pretty tall, and who knows what kind of demons are gonna be there. 
The Obelisk of Chiyoda and the Amala Temple of Sannou 
The Pretas here got hungry and left. 
The Reason of Shijima has finally been conceived 
The Reason of Shijima shall begin. 
The Reason of Shijima will prevail! 
The Tower of Kagutsuchi can be accessed from the Obelisk Remember, mum's the word! 
The Vortex World That's what we call this place. 
The Vortex world is a tough place to live in. 
The Yahirono Himorogi that you possess 
The Yosuga are the ones attacking Mifunashiro. 
The Yosuga demons went to the Obelisk to climb the Tower of Kagutsuchi. 
The Yoyogi Park riot The Gaea cult controlling Shinjuki Medical Center 
The angels cast down from heaven had no other choice but to become demons 
The animal begins to maul the defenseless human! 
The annex is the center of conversation now. 
The answer to that question The outcome 
The answers to all your questions, 
The army of chaos will rise at Lord Lucifer's command. 
The atmosphere around you has changed. 
The atmosphere around you has reverted back to normal. 
The attack on the Nihilo by the Mantra is just the beginning of the creation. 
The babe with a nice behind had the face of death! 
The beginning of the Vortex ends here. 
The black flame has been put out. 
The black flame went out and you hear something unlock. 
The book that holds all of the information about demons is known as the 'Demonic Compendium'. 
The building has been shrouded in a mirage. 
The candelabra are flames of life that control the flow of Magatsuhi within the Labyrinth of Amala 
The candelabra grant to their possessors access to the Labyrinth of Amala. 
The candelabra tend to attract each other. That is why I gave you one. 
The cell door is closed tight. 
The child and the old woman disappeared 
The child and the old woman have disappeared 
The child comes up to the main character and shows him a weird object. 
The child pushes the weird object in the main character's mouth. 
The choice is up to you 
The choice is yours, but I believe in you. 
The clash between a well-known company and a civic organization results in deaths 
The comfort of death will come, 
The comfort of death will come, for men and demons alike 
The commander of Nihilo is planning to create a world based on the Reason of Shijima. 
The commotion caused by the Mantra has pretty much died down. 
The construction site over there is now the home of the fairies. 
The construction site's pretty quiet now. 
The creation of the world of Yosuga is at hand. 
The creation of the world, huh? 
The curse will be lifted if the king is defeated, so 
The cursed areas in this Labyrinth were created by the Wicked King, who's in the room ahead. 
The dark sky of Tokyo can be seen from the roof of the hospital. 
The deal's done. That room's yours. 
The demon has operated the switch. 
The demon inside you will continue to be your source of strength during your quest. 
The demon next door isn't trying to eat me, is he??? 
The demon summoning fee has been reduced. 
The demon with the strong aura seems to have disappeared! 
The demon within you drives me hee ho crazy!! 
The demon you have there Yeah, that scary one with large eyes 
The demon you have there Yeah, that yellow one 
The demon you have there Yeah, the one that has colorful wings 
The demon you have there Yeah, the one that looks like it's always hungry 
The demon you have there Yeah, the one that's kinda red and has long eyes 
The demon you have there Yeah, the one with only one eye 
The demons are all here for a , so I doubt they'll join you. 
The demons born from fusion may remember the skills of the previous demons. 
The demons of Nihilo have returned to Ginza. 
The demons of chaos are all waiting for that moment 
The demons which he summoned were unleashed 
The demonstration got out of hand, and there have been several deaths and injuries reported. 
The displayed text is the brief summary of this scene. 
The door has become deformed and won't open. 
The door has been deformed and will not open 
The door has been left unlocked 
The door is closed tight by some magical power. 
The door is gone, trapping you inside. 
The door is locked from the other side 
The door is locked from the other side. 
The door to the X-ray room is closed tight 
The door up ahead is one of them. If you're going in, you better be prepared. 
The door up ahead will test your luck. 
The door's locked Is it the work of my friends inside? 
The drink that came out isn't any of the ones listed. 
The earth here's as hard as a rock turtle with frostbite! So, I can't dig, ya dig? 
The emergence of a new, mighty demon It is remarkable indeed. 
The end of the Ikebukuro Line--! 
The end of your journey There you will find the world of your choosing 
The entrance to the annex is closed. Please use the entrance to the main building. 
The evil power at Yoyogi Park was Sakahagi, and he's already been defeated, I hear. 
The evil power of Yoyogi was Sakahagi. 
The ex-Mantra demons have now turned this 
The ex-Mantra demons have now turned this place into their own playground. 
The existence of a power that can change the world 
The exit is close to where you are. Let me open the-- 
The exit is just as you perceive it. 
The fairies are back to normal. 
The fairies may have locked themselves in because they don't like this harsh world. 
The fallen angel has bestowed upon you great strength. Do not lose your life and let this gift be in vain. 
The final battle between demons and the army of god This'll be interesting. 
The final battle for creation is about to begin. 
The final battle is about to begin. 
The final hour is imminent. Darkness shall face justice in the last battle 
The final moment of creation has begun 
The flag gave strong demon has been raised. 
The flag gave strong demon is still off. 
The flame of the is wavering wildly 
The flames illuminate the passage beyond. 
The flames of the Candelabrum burn passionately! You won't escape! 
The flames of the Candelabrum of Sovereignty are flickering wildly 
The flames of the Candelabrum of Sovereignty started to flicker wildly 
The flames of the candelabrum are burning passionately! You won't escape! 
The flames of the candelabrum beckon me to the battlefield! 
The flames of the candelabrum burn passionately! You won't escape! 
The floor below is a place filled with invisible walls. 
The floor is too unstable to proceed ahead. 
The flow of Magatsuhi seems a little strange. 
The forces of light and darkness have fought throughout the universe, even beyond the flow of time. 
The four knights of death shall claim your head! We await you in the Vortex World! 
The future is there for us to change. We will create our own path. 
The game's not over yet I all the switches. 
The gatekeeper is preventing you from passing by to get to Ikebukuro, huh? 
The girl is below in our holy land 
The girl said mud dolls cannot conceive a Reason 
The girl you were talking to looked pretty depressed I wonder if she's okay. 
The god of this temple must really like darkness. 
The goddess here is a cruel woman who likes blood 
The grave awaits even the victor at the end of the road. 
The great power that'll lead me to the truth 
The headquarters of the Gaea cult 
The hot one's always been the Lady of the Fount 
The human would then fear you, since you had proven yourself more powerful than a wild animal! 
The inner areas have been restored, I hear. We still have a ways to go, though. 
The inscription on the tombstone changed. 
The inscription on the tombstone remained the same. 
The insignificance of the gesture makes no difference. I will not allow any exceptions. 
The king of chaos, who hath gained the powers of demons despite being human 
The kingdom you would create promises nothing but suffering 
The lady in black and the old gentleman in the wheelchair have disappeared. 
The lady's voice could no longer be heard. 
The last thing I heard was that he was taken to prison, so he's probably still there. 
The leader is this human girl named , and she's looking for Magatsuhi. 
The leader oni's gonna come out if you defeat the other three, and he's really scary! 
The leaders of each Reason are climbing the tower. 
The lift does not seem to be working 
The light spins quietly-- sometimes bright, sometimes dim-- becoming one with the world. 
The losers of the trial are inside the Pretas' bellies. 
The lounge in Ginza and the club in Shibuya are great places for info. 
The main char opens the door, and sees a young woman standing a few feet away from him. 
The main character becomes unconscious, and the world is engulfed in white light 
The main character obtained 1 rare item. 
The man I am referring to was known as Hijiri in your previous world. 
The man at the Cathedral of Shadows is hiding something 
The man used black magic to summon me. 
The merchandise changes every time I go in there. It's so hard to choose! 
The mirror at your feet is emitting light. 
The moment of decision is near 
The moment of fate is near. 
The moment you stepped into this Labyrinth, the wheel of fate began to spin 
The mud is shaped somewhat like a human. 
The mysterious wall is spewing smoke. 
The name comes up when I look at it 
The news is showing on the giant video display 
The next is a lady that uses attacks with . And you know what? She's hot!! 
The next thing the main character notices, the old woman is standing behind him. 
The northern part of the city is restored, and now you can go inside! 
The old man and the woman disappeared 
The old world will sink like a setting sun, and the new world will arise in its place. 
The oni Ongyo-ki hides himself and avoids enemies. 
The only currency in this world is . 
The only ones that can live there are beings that have spiritually surpassed humans and demons 
The only path remaining is this one. 
The only thing left for you to do is to vanquish Kagutsuchi and wait for the final battle 
The only thing left to do is cast him into the depths of Amala 
The organization in Ginza is called the . 
The other cities battle it out because of disagreements, but everyone here's laid-back. 
The other demons went to attack the Assembly of Nihilo. 
The other paths are filled with demons. 
The other world is always watching the thirsty draft horse as it limps feebly to the spring. 
The part of my soul that I was missing The me that I really wanted to become 
The passage at the end of this station goes all the way to Asakusa. 
The pedestal is no longer emitting light. 
The person you see before you is the almighty , master of Amala's power. 
The pilgrimage to creation ends there 
The pillar at the center of the Obelisk sends collected Magatsuhi to the bottom. 
The pillar has already been lowered. 
The power of creation will be mine. 
The real core must be located somewhere else inside the base. 
The rebirth of the world, an event which no human has ever witnessed. 
The report on the Gaea cult and the Scripture of Miroku It's an interesting read. 
The reporter was unable to learn what is meant by chaos 
The return of Gozu-Tennoh I hope it won't create even bigger problems. 
The room next door sure has gotten quiet. 
The round thing up ahead is the core--the heart of this structure 
The same is true for you. What did you expect to achieve by sending your students to this world? 
The seal is broken for all pyramids. 
The shape of the world to come depends on who is chosen 
The shape of the world to come depends on who is chosen, and what their Reason is. 
The shock wave hits Tokyo. The earth shakes, and powerful wind blows. 
The should be around here somewhere. He has just about anything. 
The shrine you can see from the entrance is His Lordship's resting place. 
The soul is too busy talking to notice you. 
The sound of the bell unites a soul and a body 
The stains just won't come off! 
The stones are proof of Reason, so each leader should be carrying them. 
The strength of the Demi-fiend, as written in the Scripture of Miroku It was beyond my expectations. 
The strength of the resulting demon will reflect the level of the demon that was sacrificed. 
The stronger the demon, the more it'll cost you. 
The stronghold of Nihilo was laid to waste by my army 
The surroundings becomes dark as the voice disappears. 
The system is probably being operated by that woman they call the Maiden. 
The tall building up ahead is the of the Mantra. 
The temple is sealed with a powerful spell. 
The temple up north is there to seal the 'Kimon' of Tokyo. 
The terminal does not seem to be functioning 
The terminal up ahead is an . 
The time has come Activate the Nightmare System! 
The time has come for you to choose 
The time has finally come for one Reason to be chosen to carry out the creation. 
The time has finally come. The way shall now be revealed 
The time is near It will take place very soon. 
The time of creation for this Vortex World is near. 
The time of creation is upon you. 
The top floor is up ahead. 
The tower coming from Kagutsuchi made a direct hit on the Obelisk! 
The tower is filled with the power of Kagutsuchi 
The tower stretched out from Kagutsuchi 
The tower thrust down by Kagutsuchi struck the Obelisk, driving it into the earth. 
The trick is to visit often. 
The true significance of the candelabra and the Labyrinth of Amala, 
The truth of this world can only be discovered at the very bottom of the Labyrinth. 
The truth of this world, and the truth of Musubi 
The two souls resumed their conversation 
The up ahead hasn't been open for awhile. What's goin' on? 
The vending machine is sold out. 
The victor shall claim the loser's candelabrum, and return in triumph. 
The voice could no longer be heard 
The voice could no longer be heard. 
The voice of can be heard 
The voice of the lady in black can be heard through the peephole 
The wall just went POOF! and disappeared. 
The warp device is not functioning. 
The way to salvation was foretold in the Scripture of Miroku, and today is the day that the prophecy shall be fulfilled. 
The way we handle disputes is with . 
The weak are evil, the strong are just. 
The weak need not apply. You'll regret it. 
The weak provoke and mislead others because they can do nothing themselves. 
The wish of our master, and of all the demons of chaos shall never be realized. 
The witches prayed to Aradia for power and freedom 
The words of the beginning shall be spoken. 
The world belongs to the Assembly of Nihilo 
The world belongs to the mighty Emperor!! 
The world cannot remain in a state of chaos, nor can it fall prey to Hikawa's ambitions. 
The world doesn't need any more worthless things 
The world doesn't need guys like him. They only take up space. 
The world has lost its power under the reign of god. 
The world is about to be engulfed by chaos. 
The world is about to be reborn, 
The world is about to be reborn. Everyone will have to start thinking for themselves. 
The world is still being recreated Its shape is not yet fixed. 
The world must first die, for it to be born again 
The world must start over from the beginning. 
The world of Musubi will soon be here 
The world of Shijima will be born. 
The world of Yosuga shall be built upon your lifeless body! 
The world of stillness is near 
The world only needs demons of Yosuga Quite annoying. 
The world we desire has no need for emotions in the first place 
The world will be cleansed of its greed, and enter a state of stillness. 
The world will fall for its sins, and humans will all disappear 
The world will never be born again. 
The worthless overgrowth of a civilization blind to its sins, 
The wrong match-up, and you're dead in one hit 
The young man said something about Musubi 
The's a temple on the north side of Ueno. 
Their battles have affected every living being in existence. 
Their boss is Gozu-Tennoh. He's in the headquarters. 
Their leader, Hikawa I've seen him before! 
Their power is so strong that I wouldn't stand a chance against it 
Their world is one where you can do anything you want without ever having to meddle with anyone else. 
Then I'll be hiding in here, so hurry 
Then go attack Nihilo to show off your new power! 
Then what about the Fiends? Whose side are they on? 
Then, Commander Hikawa really will make you *gulp* 
Then, I shall lend thee my power. 
Then, I shall wait to be summoned at the Cathedral of Shadows. 
Then, I will send you to Ginza. 
Then, I'll tell you This was a communications tower construction site. 
Then, I'll tell you somethin' good! 
Then, are you here to steal our Magatsuhi, like the Mantra? 
Then, doom shall set us apart 
Then, each person should be allowed to create his or her own world 
Then, get out of here. And don't look back. 
Then, give me 10000 Macca. If you don't like it, then go somewhere else. So, do you want me to help you or not? 
Then, give me 10000 Macca. If you don't like it, then go somewhere else. So, do you want my help or not? 
Then, go see Gozu-Tennoh. He's probably waiting for you on the top floor. 
Then, hurry up and go to the Fountain of Life up ahead. 
Then, hurry up and head for the other door. 
Then, let me tell you something. 
Then, let me tell you something. This is Shinjuku, and if you go south from here 
Then, let us hurry. There are fools that we need to pass judgement on 
Then, our oppression will end. I think. 
Then, please enjoy the Labyrinth, also known as the netherworld 
Then, show me the darkness within your heart 
Then, show me what power you possess!! 
Then, show us the strength that our master stakes our fate on. 
Then, there's nothing to talk about. Go home. 
Then, turn back and leave here 
Then, we are through with you. 
Then, we will be waiting in the deepest part of the Labyrinth. 
Then, you don't mind me keeping this, do you? 
Then, you must've gotten power from Gozu-Tennoh, huh? 
Then, you probably don't know what kind of place that hospital is, either. 
Then, you should already know that you must defeat me, or the path shall never be opened! 
Then, you should drop by once in a while, to check up on him. 
Then, you will be able to set foot into the world I am going to. 
Then, you will wake up in room 203. 
Then, you'll need a couple of those Light Balls. 
Then, you'll need something that'll up the way. 
There are Cathedrals elsewhere; feel free to drop by. 
There are Magatama that can give techniques that no other demon has ever seen or used. 
There are demons that can only be born from sacrificial fusion. 
There are forces vying for creation. Without judging their Reasons, your world will not come to be. 
There are four ex-Mantra oni here. They're scary. 
There are many Magatama. Though they will strengthen you, they'll also put you in misery. 
There are many more of them in this world. See how many you can find 
There are many you have spoken to: the Fiends us 
There are millions--no, billions of worlds that you are unaware of, and they all experience the cycle of death and rebirth. 
There are more doors like it inside Even I can't get through some of them! 
There are other tunnels like this all over! 
There are so many cubes upstairs, it's easy to get lost! 
There are some oni living deep in the tunnels. 
There are some races of demons that rarely join through 
There are still things you have to do 
There are these Fiends that stole treasures from this Labyrinth, 
There are two souls with extraordinary power imprisoned here. 
There are two underground plazas in this city. 
There is a demon going crazy in the annex. 
There is a ferocious dog blocking the path! 
There is a lift that leads to the deepest part of the Labyrinth. Get on it? 
There is a live report going on 
There is a note on the door. 
There is a notice on the information board. 
There is a pedestal emitting green light 
There is a pedestal emitting red light 
There is a pedestal emitting white light 
There is a pedestal emitting yellow light 
There is a shaft leading downward. 
There is a shaft leading upward. 
There is a stain in the shape of a human. 
There is a tombstone without a name on it 
There is a ton of Magatsuhi in the Amala Network. 
There is already a record of this 
There is light coming from above. 
There is little that she can do in a Vortex World where her existence is forbidden. 
There is mud left lying around. 
There is no answer It's just some drunken buffoon. 
There is no hurry, but could you bring your candelabrum to us? 
There is no need to hold back! 
There is no one else in this world who I can rely on 
There is no one in the jail cell. 
There is no pain or struggling due to individuality. 
There is no place in the Labyrinth where you can rest. 
There is no point in guarding an abandoned city. 
There is no response from the Manikin. 
There is no way that fools like you can accomplish such a feat! 
There is nothing to worry about 
There is nothing you can accomplish here right now. 
There is room for another candelabrum on the pedestal 
There is someone by the bench 
There is still time If you decide to help my master, please come back to this place. 
There is still time; if you decide to help my master, please come back to this place. 
There must be some sort of pattern to the movement of these blocks 
There must be something important there. 
There must be those in Tokyo who yearn to be chosen by Kagutsuchi, in order to realize their vision. 
There needeth not be reason to hide it About that 
There still seems to be demons running around Yoyogi. 
There was a girl who showed up not long before you. 
There was a guy who escaped from here, with something he called the . 
There was a guy who managed to escape this prison, and that's what he used to say. 
There was a rumor that you were trying to help him, but Oh well. 
There was a treasure chest containing loads of Magatsuhi under the communications tower. 
There was also one about the hospital being under the influence of some cult 
There was not really freedom. All that existed was greed, and that is what corrupted the world. 
There were even fatalities, yet it's like a carnival here. 
There were lots of things, and lots of people 
There will be an end to our journey, a world where we are free from suffering 
There won't be any trials for a while. 
There you go. Don't push yourself too hard. 
There you shall be born again as a full demon, body and soul 
There you'll find eternal bliss And it's rightfully yours. 
There're nothin' but strong demons from here on out. And I mean, strong demons!! 
There's a Mantra demon up ahead 
There's a crack in the floor. 
There's a crapload of Magatsuhi stored here. 
There's a crazy dog blocking the way up ahead. He's a real ruffian! 
There's a cross-formation and an X-formation. 
There's a demon at Kabukicho claiming to be an 
There's a demon way stronger than you up ahead in the annex. 
There's a demon with a skill that allows it to gain experience without fighting. 
There's a door leading to the back room of Nyx's Lounge. 
There's a giant hole there. We call it the Asakusa Tunnel. 
There's a human girl at the club downstairs. 
There's a human involved with the organization in Ginza. 
There's a north wing and a west wing here in Ginza. They intersect at the fountain. 
There's a place to get into the Great Underpass of Ginza somewhere around here 
There's a platform in each one, so try climbing it. 
There's a rumor going around that Gozu-Tennoh's regaining strength. 
There's a special report on this group called the 'Gaea cult'. 
There's a strange guy living in the terminal. You know him? 
There's a temple to the north of Ueno that's sealed up, 
There's a tower coming from Kagutsuchi to the Obelisk. 
There's a trick to negotiating with demons 
There's a tunnel at Yurakucho Station that leads to . 
There's an NPC in the other room. 
There's an abandoned temple where a ton of Magatsuhi lies forgotten. 
There's an enormous amount of Magatsuhi in the Amala Network. 
There's an incredible treasure hidden in this tower that can manipulate life. 
There's bad stuff going down in other cities 
There's definitely something wrong with this hospital. 
There's evil power at Yoyogi Park, I hear. 
There's four chests ahead, so pick two of 'em. 
There's got to be other survivors, don't you think? 
There's no more Magatsuhi flowing down the pillar 
There's no more Pixies hiding, but climb up once in awhile. It feels good. 
There's no need to rush; I'll be here for a while. See ya later, kid. 
There's no other quite like you. 
There's no place where I can be safe So, I'll take my chances. 
There's no reason I need to go up just because the others did, right!? 
There's no reason for you to risk your life for this man. 
There's no response from the Manikin. 
There's no scientific proof that such doctors are in this hospital 
There's nobody here. Not a single person. 
There's nothing to drink down here but dirty water!! 
There's one with shops, and one with a club. 
There's plenty of Magatsuhi here. It's just a matter of time! 
There's something I want to tell you. 
There's something next door, isn't there!? It's a demon, huh!? 
There's supposed to be a tunnel connecting East Ikebukuro and Asakusa. 
Therefore, I will do you the honor of fighting to my fullest ability. 
Therefore, it can only be performed when Kagutsuchi shines brightest. 
These are connected to each other by a strange passageway. 
These are the demons that differ from the records. 
These days, everyone has it so easy growing up At least, that's what I think. 
These three are all competing for the right of creation. 
These two spots are sandwiching Kagutsuchi from the top and bottom. 
They all come for Magatsuhi, but then they find out that it's already mine. 
They all fall prey to the traps made by the great Commander Hikawa. 
They also prayed for people to be saved from the hardships of life. 
They always want our Magatsuhi and try to eat us. 
They are originally fragments of human emotions 
They are the memories of humans in your former world who were purified by death. 
They are threatening us with their plot to bring the world to a halt. 
They could've at least put up a notice or something, so visitors aren't clueless. 
They don't care about me, and I don't care about them. 
They drain the Magatsuhi out of you at the prison. It's bad. It's torture. 
They found me out and tossed me in here. 
They found out about me leaking info to you, and tossed me in here. 
They get angry at me if I'm talking, so please don't talk to me! 
They hang around looking tough, but 
They have different ideas of how Tokyo should be run, you see. 
They have some pretty good stuff in them! 
They have these rotating bookshelves that they store scriptures in. 
They just left here, acting like they ruled the world 
They kept saying, We'll summon a magnificent demon. Sounds fishy. 
They locked the door, so we can't get in 
They must be alive. Fate can't be that cruel. 
They must be fond of terminals, I reckon 
They pray, wishing for greater power 
They say a picture is worth a thousand words 
They say he can see the future He actually predicted the fall of the Mantra. 
They say he's going to make a new city. 
They say there's a reason why the Nihilo demons aren't coming back. 
They tell us what we should do. 
They test various attributes and may even kill a demon if they are inclined to do so. 
They used this underpass to get there, so we all locked ourselves inside of our rooms. 
They were a group who absorbed all forms of doctrine, for they believed they could discover the truth from chaos. 
They were saying something about how 'now is the time for creation'! Weird, huh? 
They'll mop the floor with a weak demon, like you 
They'll torture anyone to death, even humans. 
They're a group of ruffians that have nothing but brawn. 
They're all important, as they connect different areas together 
They're all the same Just flesh and blood under a thin layer of skin. 
They're crazy. The Mantra are all crazy! 
They're getting slaughtered by the Assembly of Nihilo! 
They're made from the black mud that's scooped up from a river around here. 
They're pretty weak, all of them except this one guy that escaped from the Mantra 
They're probably after all the Magatsuhi the Manikins have been storing. 
They're probably getting cocky, thinking that they destroyed the core unit. 
They're sayin' there's a guy diggin' a tunnel at Yurakucho. 
They're sent there to have Magatsuhi extracted from them. 
Thine they shall be, if thou canst triumph over us. 
Things have been heating up in Ikebukuro lately. 
Things like they experiment on patients, and how a psychic got scared and ran outta here 
Think about it. How can he run home if he doesn't know where the exit is? 
Think back to when you first met him, 
Third, the level of the demons to be fused affects how many skills are carried over. 
This MaGATsuHi hEre. YoU waNT yOURsElf? yOu kilL me, hUh!? 
This Magatama is my present to you. I hope you like it. 
This Magatsuhi will allow me to affirm my Reason 
This base will soon be closed down, and the way to the Maiden will be lost forever 
This brings me one step closer to creating my world 
This can only mean trouble, my little master. 
This city is pretty shabby. There are places we can't even get through. 
This construction site is split into four sections. 
This court is adjourned! The defendant may now be released! 
This court is covered in blood, and they say that it's not enough!? 
This cycle is what maintains the flow of time; when the cycle stops, so does time. 
This doesn't seem like the kind of place you'd find sushi. 
This dome is camouflage; the real thing is downstairs. 
This door leads to the roof. 
This edifice of Magatsuhi is in Nihilo's possession 
This entire room is a facility for collecting Magatsuhi. 
This evil power will take form at . 
This falls out better than I could devise! 
This floor has three types of special doors. 
This guy That's it! This guy got lost, so I was tellin' him off! 
This hospital consists of a , connected by a . 
This hospital's weird. There's no one around here, even at the reception area. 
This idea is commonly referred to as a Reason. 
This is Ginza, the city under the rule of the . 
This is Shibuya! S-H-I-B-U-Y-A!! Let's turn around. 
This is Shibuya, the city of the free. 
This is a dead end. You spent all that precious time coming here for nothing. 
This is a good opportunity. Witness what is about to take place. 
This is a prison for souls 
This is a rather quiet place, compared to Tokyo in general. 
This is all thanks to Futomimi's leadership. 
This is all the Emperor's doing. 
This is debug. I wasted my time on debug. 
This is discrimination against ex-Mantra demons! 
This is for keeping me interested. 
This is for the sake of Musubi. Good luck! 
This is incredible. I dug the hole in a flash. 
This is not the one I seek. 
This is nothing, considering it's for the sake of this world. 
This is one tall tower. We're only halfway up? 
This is paradise for us ex-Mantra! 
This is probably the only place with this much Magatsuhi. 
This is quite a surprise, isn't it, my little master? 
This is strictly my opinion, but I see great potential in you. I think you would become a demon like no other. 
This is the , the place for those who seek silence. 
This is the Cathedral of Shadows 
This is the Cathedral of Shadows The heavens shine brightly. What is your bidding? 
This is the Cathedral of Shadows What is your bidding, cursed one? 
This is the Cathedral of Shadows What is your bidding? 
This is the Fountain of Life, where the wounded find refuge 
This is the Great Underpass of Ginza that connects Ginza to Ikebukuro. 
This is the closest you'll ever get to Kagutsuchi, in all of Tokyo. 
This is the doing of that human woman of Nihilo!! 
This is the entrance for the defendant. 
This is the entrance for the plaintiff. 
This is the farthest region of Amala Humans call it the netherworld. 
This is the final stage Beat it if you can! 
This is the first city we Manikins have ever considered as our own, after all. 
This is the forgotten temple that I found while checking out the network. 
This is the hole that the Manikin jumped into. 
This is the holy land of the Manikins, . 
This is the main building, but there's an . Maybe you can use that entrance. 
This is the moment that the world has been waiting for the coming of the divine guardian of Shijima. 
This is the storehouse for Magatsuhi. 
This is the story of a future not so far off 
This is the true form of . Let us hurry, Demi-fiend. 
This is what happens when you cross the true master of Amala. 
This is what he said: Kill the man I hate! 
This is where it all started. 
This is where the stairs disappeared 
This is where the stairs were. 
This is where the women loyal to our master gather. 
This isn't an ordinary piece of artwork. It's a truly amazing device. 
This land will be no more. 
This old guy asked me to hunt down guys like you, but 
This one's as ornery as a bobcat with his tail on fire! Look forward to ma results! 
This path leads to Ikebukuro, the base of the Mantra. 
This place better not be contaminated by some deadly virus 
This place has become desolate now. 
This place has got lots of Magatsuhi. Plus, no one else knows about it. 
This place is home to those who were cast down by god. They await the day when they can fly once again. 
This place is strictly forbidden to all but those my master has permitted entry. 
This place'll be toast in no time. 
This region is Nihilo's top priority. 
This space will be consumed by the nothingness shortly. 
This stone I give to you as a token of our oath 
This stone, called a Deathstone, is supposed to bring death to you. But, who knows? Maybe you'll find a use for it. 
This subway leads to Yoyogi Park. 
This time, I shall wind what's left of your life! 
This tiny facility pales in comparison. 
This tower is protected by the 'Moirae Sisters'. 
This underpass is built like a maze, so it's perfect for a hideout. 
This used to be a jail. 
This will be a large terminal. Entry is prohibited because it is under construction. 
This will be a small terminal. It is under construction, but it can link to the big terminal. 
This will make you a demon 
This will show you the way to Kagutsuchi 
This will turn you into a demon. Aren't you happy? 
This woman will soon recover her lost power. 
This world is now a Vortex and Terminals are important 
This's gotta be a special day for me and you. Here ho! I'll give you this! 
Thor says that you've proved your strength. 
Those High Pixies They change their positions every time you pass under them. 
Those Mantra guys beat the hell outta this place. 
Those Nihilo demons came back all of a sudden! 
Those damn Manikins aren't all dead yet. 
Those damn angels are all in a panic. Heheh. 
Those damn angels, thinking they're all that! 
Those days when I used to be tortured by the Mantra 
Those emotions sought receptacles, and found refuge in the substance closest to life 
Those guys hanging around in Nyx's Lounge are a bunch of good-for-nothings. 
Those idiot Mantra demons fell for it hook, line and sinker. 
Those recorded can be summoned to any Cathedral of Shadows. 
Those that stole the candelabra are unique and powerful demons 
Those that were locked out went back inside. 
Those who dwell there wish for one thing: 
Those who yearn for creation will come streaming into this place. 
Thou art , art thou not? 
Thou art direct and to the point 
Thou art the new guardian of the land 
Thou hast fallen prey to mine art! 
Thou hast hatred toward the world! 'Tis true! Thou art the bane of creation! 
Thou hast not the right to see me. 
Thou shalt not pass this area. 
Thou shan't escape from this labyrinth, lest thou seest the truth! 
Though I know not what you have endured, it is your past experiences which are the source of your untapped power. 
Though I may perish, your soul will never again be at ease. 
Though his body may perish, his soul will remain unsaved; he must continue on with his task. 
Though they are not good, they cannot be classified as evil, either. 
Though you may 'see' our land, you may not 'enter' it any further. 
Thus, our fate is to do battle and determine who should rightfully lead. 
Thy death draweth nigh, o sinful one 
Time is a loop that repeats itself. 
To be honest with you, , I'm not the one who came up with this brilliant idea. He did. 
To be honest with you, I stopped caring about others entirely. 
To be strong is to be solitary. 
To breathe your Reason into the act of creation 
To bring about that glorious event, I would gladly assist you. 
To commemorate this occasion I have a gift for you. 
To continue on, just go down that ladder. 
To create a new world, you must have a strong idea of what kind of world you want to create. 
To do so, I need to know your name. 
To find the means, they depart into the ocean of Amala and seek out worlds that hold the power of creation. 
To get past here, you need to turn on all the first. 
To go, or not to go That is the question! I'd hate to get killed 
To have made it this far greatly enforces what Lady thinks of you. 
To restrain the reborn world like that would be unforgivable. 
To show my appreciation, I would like to share with you my knowledge of the Vortex World and Kagutsuchi. 
To show you my appreciation for returning the candelabra, 
To show you my respect, I will kill you painlessly. 
To the final battle where our true enemy awaits! 
To them, power is the law. 
Together, we will find a way to live without suffering. 
Together, we will resurrect the strength of the ancient world! 
Tokyo is currently in a state of transition, awaiting the day of creation. 
Too bad you don't agree, though your manner says otherwise. I hope you change your mind. 
Too bad, not gonna happen. It ends right here cuz it's a dummy event. 
Too bad. You must have mistaken him for a friend. 
Tragically, he has no memory of his sin, his punishment, or even his death. 
Triumph over me! Show me the strength that will make the world new!! 
True independence will soon be a reality. 
Truth and falsity are but light and darkness. 
Truth isn't something other people can give you; you have to find it within yourself. 
Try and anything you can. I have become rich that way! Hahahaha! 
Try checking them out from a platform. 
Try jumping into a hole! You may end up somewhere you haven't been. 
Try looking around the hospital with that. 
Trying to get to the communications tower? My sisters are giving you a hard time, aren't they? 
Tsk, tsk, tsk. Still a kid 
Turn back! Right now! It's dangerous ahead! 
Turn your principle into power and survive the chaos. 
Uh Wait a minute, your party's full. 
Uh oh, this one's coming after you. 
Um, Forneus is strong and mean. 
Um, I sense the presence of a Fiend . 
Um, I sense the presence of a Fiend in . 
Um, I sense the presence of a Fiend on . 
Um, I sense the presence of a Fiend on an underground road in Asakusa that leads to a park. 
Um, if you're wondering how I managed to make a comeback 
Um, never mind. I promised to let you inside the central temple. 
Um, the Mantra are a group of demons based in Ikebukuro. Dunno if you knew 
Um, there's a Fiend that's coming after you. 
Um, you're not waiting for me to say my line, are you? *sigh* Alright, alright 
Ummm There's a demon stronger than Forneus 
Under certain circumstances, death will appear and warp the laws of fusion. 
Under the light of liberty, your wrongs shall be forgiven. 
Unleash the demonic power given to you by Lord Lucifer!! 
Unlucky Tickets is more like it! 
Until then, keep up the good work. 
Until then, please make sure you do not lose the candelabrum 
Until then, try and keep yourself alive. Who knows? Maybe I'll have another chance to kill you. 
Up ahead is the Mantra's infamous 
Up ahead is the main building You already forgot? 
Up ahead, the floor appears and disappears. 
Us Manikins want to see the world created from here. 
Use it if you're going to Ueno or the ! 
Use it to open the gate of our kingdom. 
Use the secondary entrance of Nihilo's headquarters in Ginza to make your way to the Obelisk. 
Use this, and create the world that you want 
Use your power to make a new world. 
Using that passageway-- the Amala Network-- you can send anything to a distant location instantly. 
Using the Magatsuhi stored here, I will call on my new strength. 
Very well! I forfeit my life to you. 
Very well. That is just the answer we were expecting. 
Vile deceiver! I shall destroy you, and erase your despicable greed! 
W-What kind of world is Hikawa planning to create? 
W-What's wrong? Hurry Beat them, hurry! 
WARNING This scene hasn't been made yet. 
WE ALSO BECOME AGGRESSIVE AND PREVENT ENEMIES FROM ESCAPING. 
WE DEMONS ARE AFFECTED BY KAGUTSUCHI. 
WELCOME, MIGHTY DEMON. LONG HAVE I WAITED FOR ONE SUCH AS YOU. 
WHAT!? I can't believe you!! What the hell are you thinking!? 
WHEN IT'S FULL, WE BECOME AGITATED AND CANNOT SPEAK WELL. 
Wait a minute Aren't you the kid I met at the park? 
Wait a minute, demons really exist!? 
Wait a minute, your party's full. 
Wait a minute. I completely forgot about you. 
Wait up! I'm not dumb enough to go against you. 
War will erupt amongst those who spread their Reason in hopes of shaping the new world. 
Was it you who defeated that demon at the annex? 
Was she your 'bitch'? Your 'hoochie momma'? Such a lewd young man! 
Was the evil power of Yoyogi really Sakahagi? 
Was there a demon this strong in our army? 
Watch, and record the history of the world Witness the entirety of the endless war between order and chaos 
We Manikins have also climbed this tower. 
We Manikins have been captured by them, and are being forced to work 
We Manikins plan to leave the area. 
We all have to die sometime! I'm just trying to speed it up for you! 
We all live on our own 
We already finished our attack. Hahahahahahaha! 
We are adversaries, each upholding our own Reason and contending for creation. 
We are deeply grateful for your work. 
We are demonstrators that work hard to make a better city!! 
We are fated to meet again Although, that is all I can say at this point. 
We are just looking for a way to live in peace with nature and the ancient gods. 
We are not like that useless Ose. 
We are the strong! What's wrong with enslaving weak Manikins!? 
We believe in coexistence, so there's no violence here. 
We believe that god's teachings are absolute. 
We believed in living in harmony with demons. 
We both survived the Conception I'm sure we'll cross paths again. 
We call the corridor ahead the 12 Meters of Eternity. 
We can no longer overlook their madness. 
We can only learn the answers to these questions by finding somebody else. 
We can't let anyone who's made fun of us live any longer than they absolutely have to! 
We caught a guy, but haven't heard anything 'bout a girl. 
We chased after the Gaea cult in order to prevent that. 
We demons await the master's words, his proclamation of a new beginning 
We demons tend to wage wars with each other for Magatsuhi. 
We do not know everything about it yet, but let me tell you three things 
We don't have any Magatsuhi to give to the likes of you! 
We don't know what kind of power this so-called Maiden has, either. 
We exist to watch o'er the candelabra 
We finally restored the area, but it's filled with demons. 
We finally restored the area. Now, you can go and look around. 
We finally were freed and built our own city 
We fixed up the area just past those doors! 
We follow only the strong! Lead us well 
We got the Pass-thingie, so let's head over to Yoyogi Park! 
We gotta look out for the Yosuga, the group that took over the Mantra's headquarters. 
We had a deal, right? C'mon, c'mon! Oh, this is great!!! 
We had a lot of fun, thanks to a certain 'somebody', but all is well. 
We had been cursed by Sakahagi and were reduced to our primitive nature. 
We have concluded that you are indeed worthy of a reward. 
We have faith in you, and will continue to watch you. 
We have learned to work together. If we join forces, we will be able to fight this evil power. 
We have long awaited such an individual. 
We have long awaited this moment, in the everlasting flow of Amala. 
We have no choice but to wait for our doom 
We have our god, Ahriman, to lead us to stillness. 
We have successfully developed a new fusion technique 
We have warned you, foolish demon! 
We have yet to receive word of Shijima's success in creation! 
We help those who use Magatama in order to fulfill our duty. 
We hope that our secret art will be of help to you, master of demons. 
We know that thou art on a quest to retrieve the candelabra. 
We live in a constant state of fear that the Mantra will attack us at any moment 
We look forward to seeing you soon. 
We made it to Yoyogi Park, so I guess we can part ways now. 
We may be a late entry, but that's because we were preparing for an incredible god. 
We may be on the verge of finding the answer 
We must destroy their hopes before a monstrosity such as that even begins to take shape 
We must get going now. Again, thank you so much. 
We need not hesitate to fight each other 
We need to find a terminal that Nihilo doesn't know about 
We need to watch Ginza The Assembly of Nihilo. 
We need to welcome our guests and show them off to their afterlife comfortably. 
We not only have Commander Hikawa, but also the Maiden. 
We protect our Commander and the Maiden. 
We shall meet again, if fate so desires 
We shall see your works, Demi-fiend! 
We shall take our leave. We all thank you from the bottom of our hearts. 
We were made to look like them, for some reason or another. It can't be helped. 
We will be waiting for you. 
We will not fall to the power that is brewing in Yoyogi Park 
We will now hold a hearing according to the rules of the Mantra. 
We will only permit you to use us before you are forced to leave. 
We will send you to your original destination. 
We will soon receive our Reason of Shijima. 
We will wait here as long as the flow of Amala permits. 
We will wait, in hope that you will recover all the candelabra. 
We'll beat down that evil power! 
We'll have a good view of the city from there. 
We'll make it A world without humans or demons--just Manikins! 
We'll soon be able to create a world where we won't have to associate with anyone 
We'll use them as an example 
We're all taking a rest now. We may be Manikins, but we're no dummies! 
We're at the center of that big hole you see from outside. 
We're beginning the hearing. Get out. 
We're being oppressed, so please save Futomimi. 
We're doing well living in Asakusa. 
We're free! There's nothing that can hurt us now! 
We're gonna summon a magnificent demon, then give 'em the beating of their lives! 
We're guards known for our unity. 
We're in the middle of a conversation, so please save the details for later. 
We're like humans, but we're not 
We're no longer the slaves we used to be. 
We're not as easy as Nihilo, so you better watch your back! 
We're oppressed! We're worked to death! 
We're sorry. This stuff is too heavy for us. 
We're still okay if Hikawa conceives his Reason, right? Right??? 
We're worked into the dirt by the Mantra. 
We're working hard to restore the city, but there's a bad Manikin that's ruining our peace. 
We've always been looking up. We've always wondered about Kagutsuchi. 
We've been waiting for you, and that stone you have in your hands. 
We've finally found it Enough Magatsuhi needed for the creation of the new world 
We, on the other hand, did nothing more than enforce a reign of terror. That is the reason we lost. 
We, the Assembly of Nihilo, have a . 
We, the Mantra, will wage war on Nihilo, and obliterate them! 
We, the believers of Shijima, will follow Commander Hikawa and conquer the tower! 
We, the believers of Shijima, will follow Commander Hikawa and conquer the tower. 
We, the four knights of death, have what thou seekest. 
We, the four knights of death, shall await you in the Vortex World. 
We, the ones cast into darkness, shall face those that live in the light 
Weak emotions dissipated instantly, but strong ones remained 
Weaklings like you aren't allowed to walk alongside the followers of Yosuga! 
Weaklings such as YOU should leave now! 
Welcome to Asakusa, the city of the Manikins. 
Welcome to Kick-Ass Deli, punk! Try my knuckle sandwich!! 
Welcome to the Fountain of Life 
Welcome to the arena of blood. 
Welcome to the citadel of Yosuga 
Welcome to the slums of Asakusa! 
Welcome! This is Asakusa, the city of Manikins. 
Welcome. Take all the time you need. 
Well I'll leave the teaching to the teacher. 
Well anyways, I'll be here for a while. 
Well done. You've proven yourself with your awesome power. 
Well if your attack hits, that is. 
Well met, you who was once human. 
Well you can get to the storeroom on the floor above by turning the four switches blue. 
Well! In my rush, I have summoned Mara the Magnificent in an incomplete body of a slime. 
Well, I can't use anything there, though. 
Well, I don't care who comes, as long as they don't bother me. 
Well, I don't really have anything to do with it anyway. 
Well, I guess it might help me kill some time. 
Well, I guess it suits you 
Well, I guess it's a good place to kick back and relax There's no one around, so I can enjoy some peace and quiet. 
Well, I hope you enjoy the rest of your shopping. 
Well, I'll do what I want. 
Well, I'm an oni, too, but I ran into a inside! 
Well, I'm not complaining. Now, I have this new skin to add to my collection 
Well, I'm not exactly sure yet 
Well, I've been busy here, though. 
Well, I've been living here longer than he has. 
Well, Nihilo probably got scared of the Mantra and ran away. 
Well, Tokyo's round, so I'm just talking relatively here 
Well, at least you still think like a human 
Well, demons with a gift for gab have skills that calm opponents down when they get upset. 
Well, even if this place goes down, we still have an ace up our sleeve. 
Well, guess what? I can care less! 
Well, he's not on this floor. 
Well, hello! And how are you today? 
Well, hello. I knew you would come. 
Well, if it isn't the Demi-fiend himself! We heard there was an unfamiliar demon here. 
Well, if something happens, call me. I'll do what I can. 
Well, if you can get to us in the first place. 
Well, if you need some advice, I'll help you. 
Well, if you walk around, you'll see. 
Well, if you're going to walk around the hospital, let me warn you 
Well, in a world like this 
Well, it doesn't matter much, since your life will end here 
Well, it doesn't matter to me anymore what you're thinking. 
Well, it is a bit lonely not having those High Pixies buzzing around. 
Well, it says some things that are a little disturbing. 
Well, it's all because of the . 
Well, it's just a rumor! Hahahahahahaha!! 
Well, it's not a prison anymore, with Mizuchi being defeated and all. 
Well, it's time for me to go. 
Well, it's your decision, so I won't say anything 
Well, look who we have here . 
Well, look who we have here A weak-looking demon. 
Well, make the world a fun one! 
Well, no need to worry about . He's eaten all that Magatsuhi, after all. 
Well, not even he can stop our master's plans now. 
Well, of course a dork like YOU wouldn't know. 
Well, since you didn't show up on time, and I left without you. We're almost there. 
Well, since you're here, why don't you try walking in the ? 
Well, tell him I said hi. 
Well, tell me when you want it. I'll give it to you anytime. 
Well, that about does it. I don't think you'll win, but good luck anyways. 
Well, that's my advice. Choose to follow it if you wish. 
Well, there is no up or down in Tokyo, since it's round 
Well, this is what they said on TV: 
Well, we have 'them' in the Diet Building. 
Well, we're doing well living in Asakusa. 
Well, we're still pumped up. I'm going to help restore the city, too. 
Well, well, well! If it isn't the tatooed boy. 
Well, what can I say? We all serve a purpose You guys are the stepping stones. 
Well, what do we have here? 
Well, with this blow to Nihilo, Hikawa won't be able to make his move for a while. 
Well, you can't trust anyone. Hopefully, you won't get stabbed in the back 
Well, you look like you're alright. 
Well, you should be able to do it. You have a strong sense of self. 
Well, you won't survive a minute. It's over before it even starts. 
Well, you wouldn't be able to do it, so don't talk to me. 
Well, you'll be at the top in no time, Boss. 
Were they not present-- abundant, more accurately-- in the previous world? 
Were you able to get the ? 
Were you attacked by an oni? Luckily, I wasn't 
Were you calling out for me, Gozu-Tennoh? 
Were you trying to leave the hospital? 
Wha'? Now's not the time? Demons have appeared!? 
Whaddya say? Should we join up? 
Whaddya think you're doing here then, punk!? 
Whaddya want in here? Did you come in for a drink? 
What I am about to say is critical to our future. 
What Reason are you here to cheer on? 
What a cute lad! It's rare for young men to come here. 
What a friggin' jerk you turned out to be! 
What a sneaky, little creep He got past us! 
What am I saying? You already know all this. 
What an insult! You're gonna pay! 
What an ominous thing you have 
What are you going to buy? 
What are you going to sell? 
What are you pissed off for? It's not like you went out of your way to help me. 
What are you staring at me for? 
What can I do for you, hee ho? 
What do you think of my god, ? Awesome, huh? 
What do you think of that? 
What do you want to do? 
What do you want to know? 
What do you want to sell, hee ho? 
What do you want, hee ho? 
What do you want? I'm not looking for someone to talk to. 
What does a demon, like you, want? 
What good can come of this, when you are tainted black? 
What good is a world without strength!? 
What happened to the human boy at the Mantra's jail? Did he escape? 
What happened? What are they up to? 
What he envisions is a world where the thread of time is spun unerringly, without change 
What he had to say was very interesting. 
What is desirable, what is undesirable 
What is the Assembly of Nihilo thinking!? 
What kind of world are you hoping for? 
What sort of devious trick did they use!? 
What the heck!? I was counting on you!! 
What the heck?! What's up with all these souls? 
What the hell are we doing, wandering around in this godforsaken world? 
What the hell is the Assembly of Nihilo doing!? 
What the hell's happening? It's pretty damn loud over at our headquarters. 
What the world really needed it was not getting. 
What the!? I'm in your party already! Ho noooooo! 
What was I thinking? No demon would have that kind of power. 
What was it? The 'Nightmare System'? 
What was written in that magazine actually happened? 
What we didn't realize was that our worst enemy was already among us. 
What were ya talkin' about with that human? 
What were you doing while I was gone!? 
What!? I'm listening to my music, can't ya tell!? 
What!? It's an occult magazine! Why would you bring something like THAT here!? 
What!? What!? The Manikins sure are bustling! 
What!? What!? The Manikins sure are noisy! 
What!? You didn't listen to me one single bit! Come back when you're not in such a hurry. 
What!? You're giving up? You blow. 
What!? You're going to defeat Forneus!? 
What're you staring at me for? 
What's Futomimi planning on using it for? 
What's going on!? I'm back here again!? 
What's going on? Didn't the Mantra win??? 
What's happening? I feel this power growing inside me 
What's the matter, kid? Tired already? 
What's the matter, sonny? What's your hurry? 
What's the matter? You wanna ask me something? 
What's this!? Such a vexing light in thine eyes! 
What's up with this floor? It's full of traps! I can't leave either 
What's wrong!? What happened!? Tell me, hun!! 
What's wrong, my little master? Are you wondering about that person over there? 
What's wrong, partner? Go ahead and pick any two treasures. 
What, can't you let one person go? 
What, you didn't know? That's what the candelabra are for. 
What, you think you can beat me? 
What? I care about my future, thank you very much. 
What? No way I'm giving you her number. Why should I help my competition? 
What? Why are you looking at me like that? 
What? You couldn't get inside the base? 
What? You want me to tell you more? 
Whatcha lookin' around for? This your first time in Tokyo? 
Whatcha talkin' to me for? You want the Magatsuhi beaten outta ya? 
Whatever you did during that attack on Nihilo doesn't mean shit here!! 
When I told about it, he went off on his own to look for Ms. some more. 
When I touched the glowing ball, everything felt different 
When Reason--one's ideology-- has been spread, and Magatsuhi has been gathered, 
When Yosuga takes over the world, cleaning the city should be top priority 
When all the candelabra have been returned to their rightful places, a new demon of chaos will be born 
When he is just a quivering mass of flesh, you'll be set free. 
When it is shining its brightest, you can use the light for fusion. 
When that happens, even I don't know what will be born. 
When the Conception took place, Tokyo was purged of humans. 
When the going gets tough, it's best to escape into the world of games 
When the other leaders are making their way up, why is Commander Hikawa not moving? 
When this occurs, a Fiend-- a bearer of death-- will manifest itself. 
When this world was created I heard a voice that told me to search for the truth. 
When we meet again, I'll fulfill my promise 
When will it give out new techniques? Ask the Magatama itself. 
When you fight demons, you'll have a better chance of winning if you can get more actions in during your turn. 
When you have collected all the Magatama That will be the time to carry out our mission. 
When you have defeated those foes, you will be accepted and honored by us all. 
When you retrieve a candelabrum, please place it on the pedestal in the corresponding floor of the Labyrinth. 
Where are you now? Yoyogi Park? 
Where is the Collector Manikin, you ask? 
Where will I go from here? 
Where's our leader? How about the human boy? 
Whether it be you, or one of us 
Whether it is the power of light, or the power of darkness, people rely on it, and pray 
Whether it's for a new world or for a new universe I don't care. 
Whether or not you succeed depends on your strength, bearer of Reason 
Whether or not you were aware of that, you purged the world of those who sympathized with other philosophies of creation. 
Whether you live for creation or live as a demon, 
Which is the better world? That's a difficult choice 
Which reminds me, lately I've heard talk about Futomimi. 
While I'm at it, I'll show you the moment my Reason is conceived. 
While you're at it, could you rescue me? 
Who are these Fiends? What do they want with Tokyo? 
Who are you? Is your purpose in accordance with my will? 
Who could it have been? It wasn't you, was it? 
Who dares to disrupt this stillness? 
Who doth awaken me from my slumber? 
Who hasn't, right? I mean, it's all over the news. 
Who is he? Sorry, I can't give out his name. But 
Who knows what she'll do now, but at least the Nightmare System is dead. 
Who knows? You might find something new 
Who stirs the silence? Who opposes the coming of the kingdom of Shijima? 
Who will create the world? Who will become god? 
Whoa! This is one powerful spoon! 
Whoa! What the hell was that?! 
Whoever did it must be a monster himself! 
Why are the fairies occupying the construction site anyway? 
Why are you interfering with my plans to become evil? 
Why did Commander Hikawa fall behind in conceiving his Reason? 
Why did you not pursue your goal back then? 
Why do I have to fight!? 
Why do you always have to be such a goody two-shoes? 
Why do you bear such anger? 
Why doesn't Futomimi say, The evil power is gone? Sakahagi's dead! 
Why don't you check out Ikebukuro? 
Why don't you give it a try next time? 
Why don't you go look around for a while? 
Why don't you search the basement yourself? 
Why don't you try to make your way across? 
Why hast thou come this far to see me? 
Why the hell did I say that? 
Why were you given a demon's body? You don't know the answer yourself, do you? 
Why, you ask? Because the weak will die. 
Why? Because it is then that one must wake up from a long sleep and face the barren world. 
Why? Whaddya mean, Why?! If you wander into the Wicked King's room, you won't come out alive! 
Why? Who knows? But, you're not dumb enough to play into his hand, are you? 
Why? Why won't you accept Yosuga when you possess such strength? 
Wielder of strength Champion of want mold the world to your liking. 
Wild or not, they're still dangerous. If you're going to look around, be on your guard. 
Will I be able to do it once I become like the King, hee ho? 
Will I be born again, somewhere in your new world? 
Will I ever be like the King, hee ho? 
Will it be a bright future? Or will it remain chaotic? Time will tell 
Will the Mantra win with power, or will Nihilo win with strategy? 
Will the battle with god occur as our master wishes? 
Will the world he envisions become reality, 
Will they be nice to us in the new world? 
Wilt thou bring peace to Tokyo? 
Win all the Magatama and offer them to me. 
With Baal's protection, Lady was the first to start. 
With Futomimi as their leader, the city's slowly coming back to life. 
With Futomimi gone, it doesn't matter to us which Reason wins. 
With all my Magatsuhi, I'll be the one using them. 
With all opposition removed, he watched as the Conception took place, 
With everyone here, this place reminds me of Asakusa! 
With my magic, I can weaken the enemy. 
With my magic, he shall forever wander these halls! 
With my master, I have watched how myriads of worlds came into being, how life prospered in those worlds, 
With my master, I have watched how myriads of worlds came into being, how life prospered in those worlds, and how they fell to ruin 
With my power, thy path hath been closed! 
With that well-rounded bosom, I think anyone would rise to heaven getting healed by her! 
With the Mantra demons gone, I get to forget the pains of the world for a while. 
With the Mantra out of the way, you should be able to get to Asakusa. It's way too dangerous for me to come along, though. 
With the Scripture in his possession, he reconstructed the spinning drum of Amala. 
With the angel of darkness, I lead the demons of chaos. 
With the cold heart of a demon, you rejected the possibility of evolution. 
With the power given to you by Lord Lucifer, you are trying to create a new demon, correct? 
With the power they have sealed inside, Magatama can change humans into demons. 
With this much Magatsuhi, there won't be any problem. 
With your demonic strength, you can no longer be human. You are more dangerous than a wild animal 
Witness that which will change the world 
Woe is me! Life's too short 
Woe unto you, for you can no longer discern good from evil 
Woman What brings you to this place? 
Woman, accept my spirit! Be the strength that guides all demons!! 
Woman, we shall set out for the new land. 
Word spread that the stone is somewhere in Yoyogi Park, and now everybody is trying to claim it for their own. 
Work hard every day That's how people should lead their lives. 
Would you be willing to lead my wandering soul to salvation? 
Would you like me to measure the movements of your soul? 
Would you like me to persuade him to let you through? 
Would you like to explore this realm for a while? 
Would you like to know why your soul wavers? 
Would you like to rest for a while? Only 500 Macca! 
Wow, you're amazing! You went WHAM! BAM! POW! and defeated Forneus! 
Y-You're a no good demon!! You're the same as them! 
Y-You're not bad I'm getting nervous *gulp* 
YOU MUST OVERCOME ALL DEATHS, AND ATTAIN ULTIMATE STRENGTH. 
YOU THINK YOU CAN BEAT ME? NOT A CHANCE! 
YOU WHO WERE ONCE HUMAN AND NOW POSSESS A DEMON'S BODY 
YOUR BEING HERE MEANS THAT YOU ARE TRYING TO CREATE A NEW WORLD 
Ya don't need to be as humble as pie! It's all thanks to ya that I found the treasure. 
Ya got demons with ya!? Hoo-doggie! 
Ya might be able to find a use fer it. 
Ya picked two, right? Then the rest is mine! 
Ya see, sometimes you just need to relax and pay no heed to the time. 
Yeah, I came up with the plan, but that doesn't mean I would've carried it out. 
Yeah, I taught her a lesson a painful one. Hehehe 
Yeah, I thought so. Same here. 
Yeah, real funny I know you hear me, kid! 
Yeah, you climbed up this far; I guess you'd know already. 
Yeah. We can't let you get to . 
Yer more useful than a cat in a barnyard fulla mice! 
Yer not gonna take that one after all? Hurry up and pick two! I gotta jamboree to go to! 
Yes Though long frozen, time shall flow again 
Yes, I am referring to the man who changed your destiny and that of the world. 
Yes, I know who Reiko is She's on the second floor! 
Yes, I know, my little master. 
Yes, for the sole purpose of creation, this world of chaos was brought into existence 
Yes, he did lose his life, like all the others. 
Yes, the Magatama in your body are what I am referring to. 
Yes, the world of Manikins will surely come 
Yes, this was all in preparation for the final battle 
YoU I eAt yOU oNE dAy MeErGhsWeAr IT 
YoU snEAk aRounD YOu iN the w-W-w-Way! 
YoU waNT yOURsElf!! This MaGATsuHi hEre. yOu ThInK kiLL me, Eh!? 
YoU won'T pASS heRE. Me WOn't LeT yOU. 
Yosuga Musubi and Shijima Which will prevail? 
Yosuga What will happen to Yosuga? 
Yosuga and Musubi have already begun the final steps toward creation. 
Yosuga plans to make new Tokyo with only the best. 
Yosuga shall take that stone you have in your hands. And your life. 
Yosuga will be the ones to create the world!!!! 
Yosuga, a world where only the strong survive 
Yosuga, was it? May their souls rest in peace 
Yosuga, was it? The Ikebukuro girl's Reason. 
You ARE looking for something, aren't you??? 
You actually beat all four of the Devas! 
You actually beat them all! You get nothing out of this, you know. 
You actually came up with the cash Well, you did your end. 
You actually managed to defeat one of us Very impressive. 
You actually stopped the Nightmare System 
You agree, don't you? That it'd be nice to create your own world? 
You already have enough, hee ho. 
You already have one in your party 
You and that demon are fated to meet. 
You are against rule by power? Do you not have confidence in your own power? How odd 
You are beyond the point of redemption. 
You are charged with loitering in Ikebukuro and entering our headquarters. 
You are essentially trading in two demons for one, so you will be losing a member. 
You are free to follow whichever Reason you like. 
You are much different from those mud puppets who can only talk about creation. 
You are now able to attack more often. 
You are now the embodiment of Shijima 
You are on a different level than the masses, as I suspected. 
You are only permitted to use us ! 
You are responsible for the death of this world. I cannot forgive such a transgression! 
You are still weak and unable to withstand the flow of Magatsuhi in Amala. 
You are surrounded by a bright light 
You are the demon that we have been waiting for. 
You are unfamiliar to me, demon. 
You aren't strong enough to control it 
You become one with the universe, and there's no need to suffer. 
You better make sure that you're . 
You better pay close attention, or you'll get lost. 
You came all the way here just to get killed? Ha ha ha Man, you're stupid. 
You came back I knew I could count on you. 
You came here to see me? 
You came here, led by fate. 
You can buy anything with Macca! 
You can come again, you know. 
You can create a new world, or you can destroy this one. The choice is yours 
You can do it with your powers, right?! 
You can enter the headquarters from here in the main hall. 
You can feel an extraordinary power from beyond the door 
You can feel the presence of a terrifying demon 
You can get there by taking the path where the Collector Manikin opened his store. 
You can get to Ikebukuro from the , just across the bridge from here. 
You can get to Ikebukuro from the Great Underpass of Ginza, which is across the bridge from here. 
You can get to the city of Asakusa from the exit. 
You can have it for the bargain price of 100000 Macca. Well, how 'bout it? 
You can hear a voice coming from inside 
You can hear a voice coming from somewhere. 
You can hear a voice from the other side 
You can hear eerie sounds from inside. 
You can hear eerie sounds from the room. 
You can hear some ladies talking. 
You can hear something from inside the room 
You can hear something in the other room 
You can hear sounds coming from inside the room. 
You can hear the sound of Isamu kicking the door. 
You can hear the sound of rock being chipped from inside the hole. 
You can live in it, burn it, do whatever you want with it. 
You can no longer hear Hijiri's voice. 
You can no longer hear the lady's voice. 
You can now employ 2 additional demons. 
You can now go farther in. 
You can open the door ahead with the candelabrum I gave you. 
You can overhear a couple's conversation. 
You can overhear the souls' conversation 
You can probably tell a lot about us just by seeing where we live. 
You can rest as long as you want after you're done. 
You can see Yoyogi Park from here. 
You can see from there the entire section and the shining Pixies that's trying to hide. 
You can see that communications tower being built by the crane, right? 
You can see this entire section from this platform. 
You can sense a strong power emanating from the room. 
You can sense a strong power from the end of the hall. 
You can tell when the time is near by its movement. 
You can use it to return to the parent terminal. 
You can use the elevator just past the fighting arena to meet him. 
You can usually create a demon with a higher level than the two you originally fused. 
You can't call that a world. It's just wasted space, totally devoid of power. 
You can't complain if you are maimed. No one complains if you kill someone. 
You can't exclude the power of Magatsuhi in creating the world. 
You can't fuse a Manikin, fool. And, they call 'me' a dummy!? 
You can't see where we're hiding anymore! So, why don't you just give it up and leave? 
You cannot hear Hijiri's voice anymore. 
You cannot hear the voice anymore. 
You cannot pass through here by luck alone. 
You come here late, you cause trouble Geez. 
You couldn't go any further, huh? Wait up. 
You decide to hurry on ahead. 
You decided to hurry on ahead. 
You defeated Samael? Your prowess is simply astounding. 
You defeated the four Devas and met Lord Masakado? 
You denied your human side, and have been reborn as a true demon. 
You did help me with the Bill 
You did so because of the distress in your heart. The helpless turtle is you! 
You did take a slight detour, but at least you're there. 
You didn't agree to get the for me, but 
You don't comprehend the Reason of Yosuga. 
You don't even have enough money. I have no business with poor people. 
You don't have the right card 
You don't have to go along with me, you know? Well, it's okay 
You don't have to hide it. I know. 
You don't have to push yourself anyway 
You don't have to worry about them anymore! Yay! 
You don't know what happened here, right? 
You don't know where you are? You're joking, right? 
You don't want Magatsuhi? You're one weird demon. 
You don't want to go any further. 
You feel a terrifying presence in the air 
You feel like the story progressed. 
You feel like you met . 
You feel the presence of someone on the roof. 
You feel the presence of something 
You find yourself in a strange place. 
You flip the turtle over, leaving it on its back. 
You gave the gatekeeper the . 
You gave up on a Golua Cola. 
You gave up on the . 
You go do the same and relieve some of that stress! 
You got it from a stranger? 
You got that wrong. This is a prison!! 
You gotta help me! I can't afford to waste any time! 
You had a friend who was being held prisoner here, did you not? 
You have arrived at the because of your power. 
You have been seduced by darkness, 
You have chosen to follow your will and tread the path of thorns like myself. 
You have come at last I knew that fate would bring you here. 
You have come at last, . 
You have conquered a number of deaths to reach here. 
You have created a new demon in your heart's likeness, fallen angel? 
You have done very well in keeping yourself alive and entertaining my little master. 
You have done well coming this far. Though, I do not know if I should praise you or not. 
You have done well in not disappointing him. 
You have done well to make it here. 
You have enough change to buy a drink. 
You have great strength. Your ideals, however, stand at odds with my own. 
You have heard the voice of the Absolute One, too. 
You have no demon to present. 
You have no right to be here! 
You have now joined the ranks of demons. 
You have now passed through us three times. 
You have proven yourself worthy. Come to me. 
You have retrieved all of the candelabra, and triumphed over the mightiest warrior of light. 
You have shown me your strength Undoubtedly, you are capable of creating a new world. 
You have to find something that I'm looking for. 
You have vanquished all the Fiends, and now you stand here, just as he hoped 
You have with you a comrade as black as night You may pass. 
You have with you a truly noble comrade You may pass. 
You haven't forgotten that we're going to visit Ms. , have you? 
You hear the sound of a door being unlocked. 
You heard about what's happening here, right? 
You heard what Hikawa said, right? 
You here to help me, or to capture me? 
You hold a candelabrum Then, like me, you must be seeking supreme power. 
You just wanna make a name for yourself by taking Commander Hikawa's head, huh? 
You know Nihilo has that Maiden, right? That's Ms. ! 
You know that special report at the beginning of the magazine? 
You know those golden doors that are in different parts of the Labyrinth? 
You know what fire's weak against, right? 
You know what the purpose of this new world is, right? 
You know what's been going on here lately? 
You know what? I think all the Fiends are gone. That means 
You know what? If we continue fighting and I end up killing you 
You know which hospital it is? Yeah, Shinjuku Medical Center. 
You know, I have to admit. You've got guts. 
You know, it wouldn't kill ya to throw a compliment my way. 
You know, this could be the hospital that they're referring to. 
You know, this hospital It's a little strange. 
You landed in an unexpected location. 
You let the weak deceive you, so you forfeit your right to inherit the world with the strong. 
You lit the Candelabrum of Beauty. 
You lit the Candelabrum of Compassion. 
You lit the Candelabrum of Dignity. 
You lit the Candelabrum of Eternity. 
You lit the Candelabrum of Foundation. 
You lit the Candelabrum of Godliness. 
You lit the Candelabrum of Insight. 
You lit the Candelabrum of Knowledge. 
You lit the Candelabrum of Majesty. 
You lit the Candelabrum of Sovereignty. 
You lit the Candelabrum of Wisdom. 
You livin' out your devil life to the fullest? 
You livin' out your devil life to the fullest? How 'bout a drink? 
You look kinda flabby and weak, but I'll let that slide. 
You look like a demon but you don't seem like one. 
You look weak, but you'd make a great addition to the Mantra with that kinda attitude! 
You lucked out, fool. I can't believe Thor approved your release 
You made it this far without dying 
You made it through that tunnel? Wow! You must be tough! 
You made my day! Here's a token of my appreciation! 
You may be interested to know that there is a trapped in the other room. 
You may be wondering how it is that you arrived here and if you are in danger, but do not worry. 
You may have sought the power of creation, 
You may take the Yahirono Himorogi as you please. It is a sign of our gratitude. 
You mean the rumor that it's being run by some crazy group called the ? 
You might as well give up all hope. 
You might be able to aid me in delivering Shijima to the world 
You might run into tougher demons, but I'm sure you can handle them. 
You must be overwhelmed by it all. 
You must be thirsty. Here, have a drink 
You must control the flow of time. What does that mean? You will soon find out 
You must have seen one like it on the upper level. 
You must have some time on your hands, making it all the way down here. 
You must leave this dreaded place and fulfill the part which you were originally intended for. 
You must lower the four pillars and defeat the in order to see him. 
You must never forget to say your prayers. 
You must no longer have any notion 
You must stop the Nightmare System inside the Obelisk, and return the flow of Magatsuhi in the Vortex World back to normal. 
You must take the last candelabrum to the bottom of the abyss and meet our master there. 
You must touch the glowing sphere and control time to deactivate the device ahead. 
You must've gained some incredible power! 
You must've heard it too, , since you survived. 
You need a certain amount of power, luck or magic to enter each door. 
You need a large quantity of Magatsuhi in order to summon a god. 
You need an to get through. 
You need something to activate it. 
You need the money first before you can say that! 
You need to be able to handle everything on your own. Don't you agree? 
You need to be able to handle everything on your own. Remember that! 
You need to create your own future 
You need to pay up before I spill the beans! 
You never know To him, even the Maiden may just be 
You overhear a conversation between some high school girls 
You participated in the attack on Nihilo, huh? 
You prefer a new look, then? I'm sure you'll like it. 
You probably don't have any experience fending for yourself, do you? 
You probably have something for that Maiden, right? 
You promised to take me to Yoyogi Park! 
You purchased a demon from the Shady Broker. 
You purchased the Deathstone from the Shady Broker. 
You really are a nosy guy! 
You really want to have some fun with me, huh? 
You recall the battle against Aciel 
You recall the battle against Ahriman 
You recall the battle against Albion 
You recall the battle against Baal Avatar 
You recall the battle against Black Frost 
You recall the battle against Forneus 
You recall the battle against Fuu-Ki 
You recall the battle against Kaiwan 
You recall the battle against Kin-Ki 
You recall the battle against Mara 
You recall the battle against Mithra 
You recall the battle against Mizuchi 
You recall the battle against Noah 
You recall the battle against Ongyo-Ki 
You recall the battle against Orthrus 
You recall the battle against Ose 
You recall the battle against Sakahagi 
You recall the battle against Skadi 
You recall the battle against Specter 
You recall the battle against Sui-Ki 
You recall the battle against Thor 
You recall the battle against Troll 
You recall the battle against Yaksini 
You recall the battle against the Moirae Sisters 
You remember me? I'm the Manikin that collects all sorts of junk. 
You risked your life and came all this way, and you say it was not for her? 
You said you were going to visit Ms. today, right? 
You saw Isumu get his god. 
You saw all that Magatsuhi being stored at the bottom, right? 
You saw how it was out there, right? 
You saw that spinning room, right? I'll fix that, as always. 
You saw those four pedestals on the way here, right? Use the Kilas there 
You see For creation to be possible after the Conception, certain preparations were necessary. 
You see it too, huh!? That g-giant demon in the lobby??? 
You see it? That's the in Chiyoda. 
You see that demon swimming around the lobby, like he owns the place? 
You see that elevator over there? 
You see that switch? It's set up so that it changes the flow of Magatsuhi. 
You see the grave of Masakado. 
You see the red things running along the walls and roof? 
You see the subway station over that-a-way? 
You see those doors over there? 
You see, I made a bet with a buddy of mine. 
You see, humans can't live in the Vortex World May his soul rest in peace 
You see, no one knows more about the Vortex World than I do. 
You see, there's me, and then there's everybody else. Most people don't even notice me. 
You seem friendly, but I'm not in the mood for chatting. 
You seem so much stronger, I thought it might be true. Oh well. 
You sense a strong power from beyond the door 
You sense a strong power from beyond the door. 
You sense strong power from beyond the door. 
You sense strong power from the floor above? 
You shall be born again, as a demon of chaos harbinger of the final battle! 
You should also be aware that the races 'Element' and 'Mitama' are special. 
You should be able to get there by taking the . 
You should be careful. You never know what tomorrow may bring 
You should check out the tunnel in . If the rumor is true, it'll take you to Asakusa. 
You should give it to someone more deserving, like myself But, since it's unlikely that you'll heed my advice 
You should quit while you can! Something terrible's been seen around there lately 
You should see her whenever you're troubled. 
You should see him, then. I sense a strange energy in him. 
You should spend some time alone, Then, see what you think. 
You should've just handed over your Magatsuhi 
You stand here as the result of his acts in the former world. 
You still won't give me the Reason? 
You sure you can get by without me? 
You the demon who won the trial? 
You there! You tell him, too! 
You there, listen to what I have to say! 
You think it's easy? That was just a warm-up! 
You think this is the exit? 
You think you're playing with fire? You're gonna get more than just burned. 
You threw all three Magatama in! 
You too, huh? You should've thought twice before coming here. 
You too? You will rob us of our dream? 
You trying to get to Asakusa? 
You understand what I'm saying, don't you? 
You used the terminal and headed to the Labyrinth of Amala 
You wanna know what games humans used to play? 
You want me to stop? You REALLY want me to stop? 
You want me to tell you something good? 
You want to stay the same as before? There's nothing wrong with that. 
You were given the body of a demon when you entered the Vortex World, 
You were knocked out of the room. 
You were probably thrown in here for a crime that you didn't commit, right? 
You were such an extravagent toy. 
You weren't able to get inside the park before, right? 
You who are about to ascend my tower, and who wishes to enter the light 
You who once lived as a human must be wandering this world without any understanding. 
You who possesses great strength and bears the Reason of Shijima 
You win Do as you please 
You win! I'll stay with you a while longer! 
You wish for me to unleash my power when all Reasons have been forsaken? 
You wish for the same thing, do you not? 
You would never partake in such a brutal act, would you? 
You wouldn't be able to handle even one. Don't lie! 
You wouldn't believe me if I told you that there was a struggle between two religious cults would you? 
You wouldn't normally associate a hospital with the occult, but 
You yourself are a world too. 
You'd better take good care of it! 
You'd go even if I told you not to, right? Yeah, that's what I thought. 
You'll find out how superb we followers of Yosuga really are. 
You'll find out soon enough which Reason is the greatest. 
You'll have to find a new friend to play with here, 
You'll probably die. Nice knowin' ya! 
You'll see what I mean once you try it yourself 
You'll slide right down to the bottom! 
You'll slide right down to the bottom, and then SPLAT. 
You're a demon too!! You don't wanna eat me! I uh I never bathe! 
You're a demon, too! Go eat something else for your snack! 
You're a demon; you know how it is. 
You're a strange-looking demon. I got a question for you. 
You're all gonna freeze in hell! Uh, freeze in hell? 
You're almost to the very bottom of the Labyrinth. 
You're as helpful as always, . 
You're free to enter our headquarters anytime. 
You're giving this to me??? Thank you sooo much!! 
You're going to the Tower of Kagutsuchi, Boss? 
You're going, right? Everyone already left. 
You're gonna climb the Tower of Kagutsuchi? 
You're in a hurry, aren't ya? You should be on your way. 
You're injured Here, let me heal you. 
You're just the mood maker. Don't forget that. 
You're late You're way late, ! 
You're late. We're ready to go home! 
You're leaving? Sure, go ahead. I didn't expect anything from you anyway. 
You're more useful than a terrier in a backyard fulla prairie dogs! 
You're no longer human, but you refuse to become a demon 
You're not a human, are you? Then, let me tell you something good 
You're not bad, defeating the Moirae Sisters. 
You're not from around here, are you? 
You're not getting past this . 
You're not that bad, beating the goddess here. 
You're not trying to defeat Forneus, are you!? 
You're not up to shenanigans, are you? 
You're pretty adventurous, coming all this way. 
You're really one weird demon. I've never told anyone about these feelings before. 
You're so weak, yet you struggle so hard to live. 
You're still in a hurry, aren't ya? You should be on your way, then. Don't worry, we can talk some other time. 
You're such a pervert! But, I love that about you!! *giggle* 
You're such a scaredy-cat! C'mon, baby, every night we start our own 'riot of love'! 
You're supposed to go that way. 
You're that boy from the hospital, correct? I'm amazed that you're still alive. 
You're that kid who fought it out with the Nihilo, right? 
You're the defendant. Enter from the other side. 
You're the demon I met in the Great Underpass 
You're the demon that Thor pardoned!? 
You're the demon that won the trial! So, you decided to come here, huh? 
You're the one who beat the Emperor, huh? 
You're the one who should have stayed out, Hijiri. I warned you, too 
You're the only one who came here? 
You're the real 'Emperor of Kabukicho'! 
You're thirsty for some Magatsuhi yourself, aren't ya? 
You're trying to get by without paying respect to me, The Almighty Forneus!? 
You've become a demon one that hungers for souls and can never be saved. 
You've been accepted. Go see Gozu-Tennoh. 
You've been accused by Momunofu of violating our law. 
You've been such a good friend. To show my gratitude 
You've chosen to walk the path of hardship. You may never again turn your back on your enemies 
You've come this far If you turn back now, you'll regret it, right? 
You've come to the right place. Heh heh heh 
You've got a lot of company with you. Why don't you come back after you've cleaned house? 
You've withstood the attacks of the Fiends, and now you stand here before me. 
You, a human with the strength of a demon, 
You, too? Ew! They need to do something about this dirty water. 
You, who have cast away your human form and, as a Fiend, conquered all deaths 
You, who is about to enter my world, show me your heart 
You, with a heart that follows no rule The bearer of unnamed Reason 
Your Reason is one with our kingdom. 
Your attachment to the previous world will only serve to deepen your despair. 
Your body is brimming with strength, yet your soul is empty. 
Your cell phone started to ring. 
Your choice to believe in Shijima, human, is a type of freedom itself. 
Your comrade's agility does not meet my expectations! 
Your comrade's agility is admirable indeed You may pass. 
Your comrade's luck does not meet my expectations! 
Your comrade's luck is admirable indeed You may pass. 
Your comrade's magic does not meet my expectations! 
Your comrade's magic is admirable indeed You may pass. 
Your comrade's strength does not meet my expectations! 
Your comrade's strength is admirable indeed You may pass. 
Your comrade's vitality does not meet my expectations! 
Your comrade's vitality is admirable indeed You may pass. 
Your demon kicked the bucket. Sorry 'bout that, partner! 
Your destination is predetermined; it cannot be altered. 
Your entrance is on the other side. 
Your first opponent is a demon that uses . 
Your heart is unlike any demon's Is it not? 
Your heart longs for the kingdom of freedom, a world that has no set future 
Your heart wishes for a kingdom rooted in solitude. Very well 
Your heart wishes for a kingdom that will flourish in the silence of time. Very well 
Your heart wishes for a kingdom which rejoices in conflict. Very well 
Your luck is worthy of praise! You may pass. 
Your magic is worthy of praise! You may pass. 
Your name has reached my humble ears I will assist you to the best of my ability. 
Your power is indeed a source of hope for chaos 
Your power may change the world. Remember that. 
Your sentence is death Ahh I want to cut you up right now! 
Your strength is worthy of praise! You may pass. 
Your strength was superior to mine 
Your suffering is my little master's delight. Struggle as hard as you can. 
Your thread is reaching its end! 
Your time has come just a bit sooner, that's all. 
Yours is an existence unbound by this world, and for that reason, you have infinite potential. 
Yoyogi Park Station! Yoyogi Park Station! 
Yoyogi Park is just beyond the exit. 
Yoyogi Park is the place that all the fairies are guarding. 
Yoyogi Park's in danger, I hear. 
Yoyogi's the place where a bunch of demonstrators died, right? 
a deal is a deal. Pay up! 
a demon of darkness with a powerful skill 
a demon that can heal anything. You'll be glad to have one around. 
a demon that can see through anything. With this guy around, any maze is a piece of cake. 
a demon that is exceptionally tough. 
a demon that wields an assortment of powerful attack spells. 
a demon with a body of steel. It'll be useful in battle. 
a man by the name of Hikawa. 
a new power of darkness emerged reigning over chaos, heaping death upon death. 
a paradise ruled by the strong, the chosen 
a world where we throw away our individuality and become a part of the grand universe. 
a young man with the power of a demon. 
about his past, and what caused the Conception. 
all that time, seeking the answer to the unanswerable question, Why is a world reborn? 
all there is to know of this world. 
and I heard that Bishamon is the one responsible for it. 
and a bloody act of carnage ensued. 
and a tower of certain death for the weak. 
and another is about to rise in Ginza at this very moment! 
and dispose of those who do not share his ideal 
and double checked, though. She said, Shinjuku Medical Center. 
and emerged in the Vortex World, without realizing that he had died. 
and enter the final battle against the forces of light. 
and he lost his body once again. 
and how they were destroyed in the end 
and it is your actions which hold the key. 
and it would have been you or me hanging up there!! 
and its leader is a human. 
and learned of the Conception the fated destruction of the world. 
and might be around somewhere, too. 
and now you are about to defy god's will. 
and now, it is time for you to receive the heart of a demon, as my master wishes. 
and place a heavy burden of atonement on your shoulders, which you shall bear for all eternity. 
and that is also what provides power to the inhabitants of this world. 
and that is the Vortex World where Aradia once resided. 
and that will not change, no matter what the outcome of this battle. 
and that's me--the Mother Harlot, subjugator of the most fearsome beast. 
and the final moment that my master awaits 
and the possibility of a new world has been crushed forever 
and these people are actually trying to make that happen. 
and they ran away to somewhere called the Vortex World. 
and this is where the Magatsuhi comes into play. 
and those with Reasons came here to make their visions reality. 
and thousands of years of repeating the same mistakes again and again. 
and what my true feelings are 
and when I woke up, there were demons everywhere. 
and you ended up helping me instead. 
and you see a human about to be attacked by a wild animal. 
and your attacks shall be , . 
as Izanami and I did when we met long ago 
because I can't find any trace of him. Oh well, I guess working alone gets you nowhere. 
before god's vengeance strikes this cursed land 
between dedicating yourself to the purpose of creation, and living your life as a demon 
but I believe this will be an excellent show regardless, as you and I contend for the candelabra. 
but I bet you've already got some idea. 
but as it stands now, the new world is going to be a far cry from what I had hoped for. 
but everything-- the meaning behind my words, the purpose of your existence-- 
but from this side, you can only return to the entrance. 
but his will can never be freed, and his sin never redeemed 
but if I can swallow it down endless possibilities await 
but no matter how strong your conviction, a demon can never acquire a Reason. 
but please don't forget what you've heard here 
but why the world ended up like this. 
by defeating the humans who are vying for control of creation, and Kagutsuchi, the source of creation. 
by sacrificing your soul to me 
by the guidance of the Great Will. 
by the hand of a demon. 
can be used to illuminate the Labyrinth. 
condemned to carry the burden of atonement forever. 
do you know how Manikins are born? 
entrances to Yoyogi Park have been closed off. 
for my spear shall pierce through your insolent skull! 
for only by receiving that curse can you truly walk the path of conquest. 
for the sake of all who live in darkness? 
for their existence to become real 
gave half of his money to Dante. 
god will descend from above and reshape the very foundation of the world. 
has inherited the power of Gozu-Tennoh. 
have succeeded in gathering all the Magatama. 
he eliminated both threats at once, with the power of his demons. 
he learned of the Conception the fated destruction of the world. 
he shall make the decision to lead his army to the final battle. 
hoping that you and the fallen angel will break the chains, and defeat the Absolute One 
if he is the one we have been waiting for. 
in hopes that it would evolve to a new level. 
in the ecstasy of death shall we? 
in this kingdom of demons and darkness 
is a stone that contains an enormous amount of Magatsuhi. It grants tremendous power to its possessor. 
is innocent. I give my word. 
is looking for Ms. right now. 
it is our master's wish that one Fiend survives this battle over the candelabra. 
it wasn't just the hospital that had changed. 
just as foretold in the prophecy of Miroku No, just as he planned after unraveling the prophecy. 
locked away in a jail cell down below. 
making a fuss about wanting Magatsuhi. 
may be decided by the actions you take from this point on. 
nO. YoU aRe LyiNg. Me woN'T Be fOoLED! 
needs to do is confirm that Ms. isn't in the basement. 
not realizing that Hikawa fooled them. 
not to spend too much time in there. 
of entering the final battle, where my trumpet will sound. 
of the clan. A pleasure to meet you. 
of the clan. At your service! 
of the clan. Charmed, I'm sure 
of the clan. I am at thy command. 
of the clan. I can't wait to kick some ass! 
of the clan. I place my life in your hands. 
of the clan. I'm glad to meet you 
of the clan. Let's have some fun together! 
of the clan. Let's take it easy, sonny! 
of the clan. Nice ta meetcha, mister. 
of the clan. You'd better take good care of me. 
of what happens to those who oppose the Assembly of Nihilo. 
of where your strength will lead you. 
one life doesn't amount to much, and you're better off not getting involved. 
one who is drifting, being kept alive by fate. 
one who, amidst blood and applause, has put an end to countless lives 
or will a different world be born? 
overcome the inevitable fate of death? 
saying that it'll create a new world. 
set free from the perpetual cycle of creation 
struggling for Magatsuhi, using the terminals. 
that acquire physical form and become sentient. 
that he was in the Vortex World unaffected, unchanged? 
that it could only be brought about by one's own hand. 
that it was a struggle between two opposing cults. 
that only the strong should be allowed to exist in this world. 
that there were too many unnecessary things occupying the previous world. 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              blah 
but I believe this will be an excellent show regardless, as you and I contend for the candelabra. 
but I bet you've already got some idea. 
but as it stands now, the new world is going to be a far cry from what I had hoped for. 
but everything-- the meaning behind my words, the purpose of your existence-- 
but from this side, you can only return to the entrance. 
but his will can never be freed, and his sin never redeemed 
but if I can swallow it down endless possibilities await 
but no matter how strong your conviction, a demon can never acquire a Reason. 
but please don't forget what you've heard here 
but why the world ended up like this. 
by defeating the humans who are vying for control of creation, and Kagutsuchi, the source of creation. 
by me. 
by sacrificing your soul to me 
by the guidance of the Great Will. 
by the hand of a demon. 
can be used to illuminate the Labyrinth. 
clan is shaking. 
clan. Let's go, hee ho! 
condemned to carry the burden of atonement forever. 
continuous bloodshed and war, 
could have occurred for real. 
create a new world? 
debug 
demon? 
die, 
disappeared 
disappeared. 
do you know how Manikins are born? 
doing you any good? 
entrances to Yoyogi Park have been closed off. 
for my spear shall pierce through your insolent skull! 
for only by receiving that curse can you truly walk the path of conquest. 
for the sake of all who live in darkness? 
for their existence to become real 
found something. 
gave half of his money to Dante. 
god will descend from above and reshape the very foundation of the world. 
grow, 
hanging around the east branch. 
has been registered. 
has inherited the power of Gozu-Tennoh. 
have succeeded in gathering all the Magatama. 
he eliminated both threats at once, with the power of his demons. 
he learned of the Conception the fated destruction of the world. 
he shall make the decision to lead his army to the final battle. 
hearme 
hoping that you and the fallen angel will break the chains, and defeat the Absolute One 
hung up. 
if he is the one we have been waiting for. 
in Shibuya? 
in hopes that it would evolve to a new level. 
in the Mantra. 
in the ecstasy of death shall we? 
in this kingdom of demons and darkness 
in this world of demons. 
introduced himself to Dante. 
is a stone that contains an enormous amount of Magatsuhi. It grants tremendous power to its possessor. 
is acting strangely 
is in someone's possession. 
is in that shrine. 
is innocent. I give my word. 
is looking for Ms. right now. 
is much more elegant. 
isn't in the lobby 
isn't with you, is she? 
it is our master's wish that one Fiend survives this battle over the candelabra. 
it wasn't just the hospital that had changed. 
just as foretold in the prophecy of Miroku No, just as he planned after unraveling the prophecy. 
left 
left the room. 
left. 
live on your own? 
locked away in a jail cell down below. 
making a fuss about wanting Magatsuhi. 
may be decided by the actions you take from this point on. 
my Reason will not change. 
nO. YoU aRe LyiNg. Me woN'T Be fOoLED! 
needs to do is confirm that Ms. isn't in the basement. 
not realizing that Hikawa fooled them. 
not to spend too much time in there. 
now and forevermore 
obtained the . 
of entering the final battle, where my trumpet will sound. 
of the clan. A pleasure to meet you. 
of the clan. At your service! 
of the clan. Charmed, I'm sure 
of the clan. I am at thy command. 
of the clan. I can't wait to kick some ass! 
of the clan. I place my life in your hands. 
of the clan. I'm glad to meet you 
of the clan. Let's have some fun together! 
of the clan. Let's take it easy, sonny! 
of the clan. Nice ta meetcha, mister. 
of the clan. You'd better take good care of me. 
of what happens to those who oppose the Assembly of Nihilo. 
of where your strength will lead you. 
one life doesn't amount to much, and you're better off not getting involved. 
one who is drifting, being kept alive by fate. 
one who, amidst blood and applause, has put an end to countless lives 
or will a different world be born? 
overcome the inevitable fate of death? 
paid 1 Macca to Dante. 
populated by mankind, 
pts. Shijima: pts. Yosuga: pts. 
r power work against me? 
received a of some sort. 
received the . 
saying that it'll create a new world. 
set free from the perpetual cycle of creation 
should be around here somewhere. 
so here, take a look. 
struggling for Magatsuhi, using the terminals. 
suddenly appeared at the terminal. 
summoned his god! 
that acquire physical form and become sentient. 
that he was in the Vortex World unaffected, unchanged? 
that it could only be brought about by one's own hand. 
that it was a struggle between two opposing cults. 
that only the strong should be allowed to exist in this world. 
that there were too many unnecessary things occupying the previous world. 
that voice I heard when the world changed 
that we'd eventually lose our power and fade away. 
that's a secret. 
the Maiden where the Magatsuhi is drawn to 
the demon would become the fruit of destruction, the black hope that we awaited for so long. 
the moment when the new demon is born, and Lord Lucifer makes his final decision 
the new demon of chaos, whom all are waiting for in anticipation, 
the only place in Tokyo that is connected to Kagutsuchi. 
the secondary entrance to Nihilo's old headquarters to reach the Obelisk. 
the strongest elephant you ever saw, with the power of a demon. 
then I shall return it to its mother's womb. 
then I'll be giving my client exactly what he wants. And that just won't do. 
then at that time 
then we can put an end to this unending war. 
then you can call forth the deaths that you have conquered, just as you have created new demons. 
then you should come to us, at the very bottom of the Labyrinth. 
then you will fall by my arrow! 
there exist countless Vortex Worlds. 
there is not a single thing that you can accomplish in this world. 
they might join you and help you during your journey, even if it's only for a short while. 
this Vortex World was made by the true power of creation. 
this all started because of one man who caused the Conception in the previous world. 
to be that strong 
to open this vault. 
to record the balance of events through all the ages. 
to recover the eleven candelabra. 
to see which of us is truly worthy of the candelabra 
to the gatekeeper. This should get you through. 
to when the Conception occurred 
towards the final battle. 
using this. 
was beaten, I almost shit my pants. 
was defeated by a girl 
was defeated!? 
was much more elegant 
we awaited the one to whom we could entrust the future. 
when he uncovered the Scripture of Miroku, buried deep within the cult's library. 
when you lose your way in your quest for power. 
where death conquers death, and fire lights the darkness 
while another Fiend fell to you, dreaming of a future of chaos. 
will be clear when the time comes. 
will be the one to create the world. 
will be your guide 
will soon be able to summon his god! 
will take care of you. 
yhey ItmeHijiri. 
you defeated Thor. 
you may create a world of freedom however you see fit 
you will be able to enter and leave here freely. 
you will have no rest from this point on 
you're the only one that I can rely on in this world. 
your candelabrum is calling out to others, and to the Fiends that stole them 
your life ends here! 
~Hee ho the champion~ 
