
Shinjuku Station 
It's as quiet as a tomb. 
Nothing is showing on the giant screen 
You don't know where you are? You're joking, right? 
Tokyo, of course! 
All of the humans are gone, though. 
Hmmm I just passed through Shinjuku, so 
If I go south, I should reach Yoyogi and Shibuya. 
I just saw a girl heading toward Shibuya. 
I guess she really was a human 
What? You're a human, too!? 
Or are you a demon? 
*squint* I can see Aoyama over there I think. 
Looks like it's safe. 
But, you can't get there from here. 
I already tried going from Yoyogi Park, and that didn't work 
Yes. 
There is a Mystical Chest. 
Yes. 
You see a Cache Cube. 
Yes. 
It's empty. 
It's a trap. 
It's empty. 
found something. 
It can't be used here. 
Select a floor. 
Message Test Next are the choices. 
Yes. 
Yes, you say? 
No, you say? 
Huh? 
How'd you get out of the hospital? 
Wasn't Forneus there? 
Whatcha lookin' around for? This your first time in Tokyo? 
Yes. 
Then, let me tell you something. This is Shinjuku, and if you go south from here 
Well, Tokyo's round, so I'm just talking relatively here 
If you go south, you'll see . 
Speaking of which, I saw a human head toward Shibuya. 
I see It's my first time here. 
Hmm, according to the guide map 
It's like we're all stuck inside of a sphere here in Tokyo. 
Hmmm Ginza isn't on this side of the sphere, it seems. 
Man, Tokyo's nothing like what the guide map says! 
I see. 
Shinjuku, Ginza, Ikebukuro, Asakusa Then, back around to Shinjuku. 
Tokyo's round, after all 
I'm getting the hang of it. 
The Obelisk of Chiyoda and the Amala Temple of Sannou 
These two spots are sandwiching Kagutsuchi from the top and bottom. 
Well, there is no up or down in Tokyo, since it's round 
By gum! 
It's just like I said The world's all round! 
But even now, no one believes me! 
I hear prophecies from Jupiter! You believe me, don'tcha? *hic* 
Of course I do. 
By gum! Why doesn't anyone believe me? *hic* 
Oh! You believe me!? 
Then, I'll tell you somethin' good! 
The 'Demi-fiend' is the one that's going to create the new world 
By gum! You wouldn't be Naw! *hic* 
. 
Have you heard of the Tokyo rumor? 
Yes. 
A guy with a strong will is going to change this chaotic world 
That's a good one, huh? Tokyo's forever in chaos! Hahahahahahaha!! 
Well, it's just a rumor! Hahahahahahaha!! 
You can see Yoyogi Park from here. 
I wonder if the east side of the park is being occupied by the fairies. 
I saw all these fairies fly off from Yoyogi Park. 
Kagutsuchi's shining bright 
LONG TIME NO SEE 
YOUR BEING HERE MEANS THAT YOU ARE TRYING TO CREATE A NEW WORLD 
I WON'T ALLOW IT! 
I DON'T LIKE THE WORLD YOU'RE TRYING TO MAKE 
SO 
I WON'T LET YOU GO ANY FURTHER! 
DIE! 
LONG TIME NO SEE 
YOUR BEING HERE MEANS THAT YOU ARE TRYING TO CREATE A NEW WORLD 
I DON'T CARE WHAT YOU DO 
ON SECOND THOUGHT 
THE WORLD YOU'RE TRYING TO CREATE 
I THINK I WANT TO SEE IT. 
ALRIGHT, I WILL HELP YOU CREATE THE WORLD! 
NO NEED TO WORRY, NOW THAT I'M HERE. 
HAHAHAHAHAHA! 
Cerberus joined your party. 
Select your Reason. 
Shijima. 
Shijima's Ahriman How frightening 
I will share with you the fear I have felt 
Ugh! 
Shijima's Ahriman How frightening 
Ugh! 
The demon disappeared. 
She did it She did it! We've won! 
Musubi is no more 
I leave you with the power of Yosuga Make sure to pass on our legacy! 
Hahaha Yosuga will create the world!!!! 
Ugh! 
Dammit Damn Musubi! 
But, we have Lady 
Yosuga will be the ones to create the world!!!! 
Ugh! 
The demon disappeared. 
Yes. 
There is a Mystical Chest. 
Yes. 
You see a Cache Cube. 
Yes. 
It's empty. 
It's a trap. 
It's empty. 
found something. 
It can't be used here. 
Select a floor. 
You sense a strong power from beyond the door. 
Yes. 
That hot chick is here, too. 
DAMN, she's hot! 
Up ahead, the floor appears and disappears. 
If you go the wrong way You'll get a taste of gravity. 
Darkness awaits you. 
This is one tall tower. We're only halfway up? 
Well, no need to worry about . He's eaten all that Magatsuhi, after all. 
Are you the Demi-fiend that beat ? 
Why? 
Why don't you understand Musubi? 
Liar. 
Don't talk to me. 
Are you the Demi-fiend? 
I see 
Then, go in. is waiting 
Then scram 
A girl 
It was a girl 
was defeated by a girl 
Inside 
Even if we can't create the world of Musubi 
I'll strive to exist on my own 
It doesn't matter that is dead 
Thanks for getting rid of him. 
I'm impressed that he didn't die like a mud doll. 
But, he won't get in my way again. 
He had so much Magatsuhi stored here. Funny Did he think that a mud doll could conceive a Reason? 
No, it was meant for me 
This Magatsuhi will allow me to affirm my Reason 
By this woman's wish, I have come to create the kingdom of Yosuga 
I am Baal Avatar, paragon of virtue and might, bringer of glory. 
I see the awakening of opposing forces 
One has already emerged in Sannou, 
and another is about to rise in Ginza at this very moment! 
I, too, shall endeavor to build a kingdom of beauty 
You came all the way here just to get killed? Ha ha ha Man, you're stupid. 
If you'd waited until the world of Musubi was finished, then you would've at least had the chance to be born again. 
No one's gonna mess with my plans not even an old friend. 
Sorry, but it's time to say goodbye forever. 
. 
I'm glad I made it in time, back there at the basement 
I wouldn't want you to fall prey to a . 
You heard what Hikawa said, right? 
The world is about to be engulfed by chaos. 
The rebirth of the world, an event which no human has ever witnessed. 
Everyone outside of this hospital will perish. 
I doubt anyone would approve of such a terrible thing 
But, even if we let this old world continue to exist, it would eventually lose all of its power. 
The world must first die, for it to be born again 
And I alone will carry the burden of its sin. 
No, I don't have any regrets. 
You came here, led by fate. 
And it is your fate that you will live through the Conception. 
It may actually be more painful than death 
But I believe in you. 
Please find me. 
No matter how the world changes, I'll be your strength. 
As the Maiden, I'll take part in the creation of the new world 
I'm sure that I'll be able to provide you with guidance. 
I know it's difficult for you to understand. 
But, we're out of time. 
If you can find me on your own, 
I promise that I'll tell you everything 
The answers to all your questions, 
and what my true feelings are 
It is time to settle this, once and for all. 
Let us see whether or not you can best the four knights of death 
Can a human with the strength of a demon 
overcome the inevitable fate of death? 
I shall pass final judgement on you! 
Oh I wasn't expecting you, . 
My master is resting right now. 
If you're here for information, I'd be glad to help you. 
Is there anything else you want to ask about, ? 
Alright. 
I'll try to help you as much as I can. 
So, what is it that you'd like to know about? 
Then, you should get going. 
I look forward to seeing you again 
I want to ask you about something. 
The Vortex World 
The Vortex World 
Okay 
Listen closely. 
Then, you should get going. 
I look forward to seeing you again 
The lady in black and the old gentleman in the wheelchair have disappeared. 
. 
Have you decided to come meet my master? 
Yes. 
Then, we will be waiting in the deepest part of the Labyrinth. 
I will open the way to the last door; please use the candelabrum and come see us. 
We look forward to seeing you soon. 
I see I understand that it is a difficult decision to make. 
There is still time; if you decide to help my master, please come back to this place. 
We will be waiting for you. 
Well, hello. I knew you would come. 
You heard about what's happening here, right? 
The existence of a power that can change the world 
I'm sorry that I disappeared after you saved me. 
It was my god who did that; I couldn't do anything about it 
I lost most of my power, thanks to Hikawa and his Obelisk. 
But, my god has been protecting me since then, and I'm doing much better now. 
Hikawa won't be able to take control of me again. 
I won't let him be the one to shape the new world. 
What he envisions is a world where the thread of time is spun unerringly, without change 
You can't call that a world. It's just wasted space, totally devoid of power. 
To restrain the reborn world like that would be unforgivable. 
As the one responsible for the destruction of the old world, it's my duty to shape the new one. 
The world cannot remain in a state of chaos, nor can it fall prey to Hikawa's ambitions. 
But right now, there's nothing I can do 
My god has spoken to me, but she has yet to reveal the Reason 
You know what's been going on here lately? 
Well, it's all because of the . 
is a stone that contains an enormous amount of Magatsuhi. It grants tremendous power to its possessor. 
Word spread that the stone is somewhere in Yoyogi Park, and now everybody is trying to claim it for their own. 
I'm not interested in Magatsuhi, but the stone is rumored to have the power to control even gods. 
Once I have that power I'll be worthy of receiving the Reason from my god. 
is in someone's possession. 
I'm not sure who, but I can sense a strong, evil power. 
Their power is so strong that I wouldn't stand a chance against it 
But, I think you would. 
If I promise to give you the Magatsuhi contained inside it 
Okay. 
Thank you so much. 
By the way, you couldn't get into the park before, right? 
Here, take this. It's the key to that locked door. 
I see 
I want you to know that you're the only one I feel like I can rely on in this world. 
Even if you say no, I'll still have faith in you. 
You weren't able to get inside the park before, right? 
Here, take this. It's the key to that locked door. 
The choice is yours, but I believe in you. 
If you're having doubts, then I really shouldn't force you to do it, but 
you're the only one that I can rely on in this world. 
Even if you say no, I'll still have faith in you. 
You weren't able to get inside the park before, right? 
Here, take this. It's the key to that locked door. 
The choice is yours, but I believe in you. 
I'll be counting on you, . 
. 
I'll be here waiting for you 
, please bring me the . 
There is no one else in this world who I can rely on 
You didn't agree to get the for me, but 
I believe in you. 
. 
I'll be here waiting for you 
Not bad. 
You look like a demon but you don't seem like one. 
My name is Dante. 
I'm a demon slayer. 
This old guy asked me to hunt down guys like you, but 
Forget it. Let's just stop this battle here. 
I need to find out what that guy really has in mind. 
Depending on how things turn out, maybe we'll meet again. 
Until then, try and keep yourself alive. Who knows? Maybe I'll have another chance to kill you. 
So, be prepared for the worst. Don't say I didn't warn ya. 
There you are, Fiend. 
Let's see what you've got. 
Glad to meet you, kid. I hope you feel the same. 
*sigh* Thank god it's just you. 
I thought I was ambushed. Don't scare me like that! 
Well, you look like you're alright. 
I'm sorry about what happened last time. Yeah, I screwed up 
But, it worked out for the best. 
I had no idea they had a base this big 
If I had used that thing correctly, you would have been here all by yourself. 
I have some idea what's going on. 
Mantra launched their assault at just the right time. 
Thanks to them, my arrival went unnoticed. 
Hey, this might sound crazy, but 
Did you join the Mantra? 
Yeah, I did. 
I see. 
Well, it's your decision, so I won't say anything 
Oh, so it's just a rumor. 
You seem so much stronger, I thought it might be true. Oh well. 
This entire room is a facility for collecting Magatsuhi. 
We're at the center of that big hole you see from outside. 
It was destroyed during the assault, and now it's completely shut down. 
But, this place was filled with tons of Magatsuhi just a moment ago. 
Those Mantra guys beat the hell outta this place. 
I don't blame them 
Anybody would assume that this is the core of Nihilo. 
They just left here, acting like they ruled the world 
not realizing that Hikawa fooled them. 
I wouldn't have known either, if I didn't use the Amala Network to get here. 
The flow of Magatsuhi seems a little strange. 
It's cleverly disguised, but this is just bait. 
The real core must be located somewhere else inside the base. 
And that's where Hikawa will be. 
Damn it, I better not stick around much longer 
The commotion caused by the Mantra has pretty much died down. 
It'll be even more dangerous now. 
I wanted to meet Hikawa in person, but 
I'm not gonna fool myself. I know I won't survive that long. 
On your way here, did you see a corridor that you couldn't enter, one that was spinning? 
I deactivated it, so you should be able to go through it now. 
That's about all the help I can offer. 
It's up to you to decide how to deal with Hikawa. 
You've come this far If you turn back now, you'll regret it, right? 
Alright then See ya. 
This will be a large terminal. Entry is prohibited because it is under construction. 
This will be a small terminal. It is under construction, but it can link to the big terminal. 
Do you wish to link it? 
Yes. 
It won't open from this side. 
Looks like this tunnel leads to Asakusa. 
What!? 
This is my home, y'know!! 
I hear that there's oni living in this tunnel. 
And 4 of 'em, on top of that. 
Hey, you!! That's dangerous! 
Stay behind the white line!! 
Dammit!! 
I forgot to read the latest issue of Ayakashi Monthly!! 
Is there one in the trash? 
There are some oni living deep in the tunnels. 
Getting to Asakusa is the easy part. Wait until you encounter 'bigger' problems there! 
You trying to get to Asakusa? 
Then, you'll need a couple of those Light Balls. 
Otherwise, you'll be living in the dark Literally! 
Do you know? 
The oni Ongyo-ki hides himself and avoids enemies. 
But, I think he'll come out if his partners are defeated. 
You came from Ikebukuro? 
And you weren't attacked by oni??? 
Sometimes I can hears the voice of an oni from this here platform! 
Whoa! What the hell was that?! 
Once you exit, Asakusa's right there. 
I saw a young man your age at Asakusa, come to think of it 
WHAT DO YOU WANT? 
I AM KIN-KI. YOU FILTHY DOG 
Kin-ki is not listening. What will you do? 
Introduce yourself. 
WHAT, YOU'RE THAT!? 
DAMN DEMON-HUMAN FREAK!! 
SURVIVAL OF THE FITTEST!! 
I WILL HUNT YOU DOWN!! 
Kin-ki's breathing is getting heavier. 
I've never seen you before. 
I'm Sui-ki. 
I'm a cold demon. 
I won't do anything to ya, so come over here 
Okay. 
Hahaha! You coward. 
Then, die! 
Heh 
You got some guts. 
You really want to have some fun with me, huh? 
So come here, will ya? 
Ew 
Not with a guy, man. 
Yee-haw! 
I'm Fuu-ki. 
You must have some time on your hands, making it all the way down here. 
Give me some cash, then I can hook you up with some hot babes. 
Sounds good to me. 
Alright, 100 Macca. 
Sure. 
Alright! You know how to make things fun! 
Now, let's try the next level! 100 Macca more! 
So close! Sooo close, man! 
Just 100 Macca more, really! Then, it's a done deal! 
123 Alright. 
Now, get outta here!! 
I'm sorry! Please! Don't hurt me! 
C'mon, I beg of you! 
Ha Yeah, right! 
Take this, loser! 
You don't even have enough money. I have no business with poor people. 
Make like a tree and get outta here! 
No one is here 
You sense a strong power from beyond the door 
My name is Ongyo-ki 
Are you the one who slew my partners and awakened me!? 
I sliced and diced them. 
You cannot fool me!! 
Insolent fool!!!! 
Learn your weakness through my illusions! 
Yes. 
There is a Mystical Chest. 
Yes. 
You see a Cache Cube. 
Yes. 
It's empty. 
It's a trap. 
It's empty. 
found something. 
It can't be used here. 
Select a floor. 
The passage at the end of this station goes all the way to Asakusa. 
It's called the Ikebukuro Tunnel. 
A big group of Manikins went downstairs. 
My guess is, they're gonna try and revive the city of Asakusa. 
Mifunashiro attacked Futomimi killed It's over for the Manikins. 
The Vortex world is a tough place to live in. 
What!? 
I'm sleeping. Don't bother me! 
There are other tunnels like this all over! 
They're all important, as they connect different areas together 
But, actually, no one really uses them 
You're heading for Asakusa, too? 
Yes. 
Well, since you're here, why don't you try walking in the ? 
Seriously, you can't see a thing in there! 
Then, you'll need something that'll up the way. 
They sell it somewhere 
Oni! 
There's oni inside! 
Well, I'm an oni, too, but I ran into a inside! 
Plus, I hear there's a total of 
Oni! 
Someone beat the four oni! 
Did you know? 
I know. 
Geez, that must be some crazy demon, beating those four. 
I'd like to get a glimpse of him! Too bad all I see is you 
I see 
It's big news to us oni You need to keep up with the world, man. 
No, those four were insanely strong! I could tell 
You wouldn't be able to handle even one. Don't lie! 
I got separated from my group. 
There are four ex-Mantra oni here. They're scary. 
The leader oni's gonna come out if you defeat the other three, and he's really scary! 
In other words, I'm scared. 
In a world where god remains silent 
Do you find yourself in need of guidance? 
Very well. 
Take this 
This is nothing, considering it's for the sake of this world. 
Please be careful 
I see 
My friend told me that he ran into an oni after falling into a hole. 
I didn't see an oni on this floor, though. 
Thank goodness 
You came from Ikebukuro? 
Were you attacked by an oni? Luckily, I wasn't 
Kuramae Station--! 
The end of the Ikebukuro Line--! 
You can get to the city of Asakusa from the exit. 
Asakusa is north of the exit. 
Is there anything good on the floor? 
Yes. 
Add which candelabrum to your inventory? 
Compassion 
What do you want to do? 
Black Visor flag on 
Black Visor flag on 
The hole is blocked 
The path is blocked 
There is a shaft leading downward. 
Jump in? 
Return to the entrance of the Labyrinth? 
Return to the previous Kalpa? 
There is a huge pedestal. 
Yes. 
You lit the Candelabrum of Compassion. 
You lit the Candelabrum of Wisdom. 
You lit the Candelabrum of Insight. 
All of the candelabra have been lit 
The flames illuminate the passage beyond. 
There is a peephole 
Please retrieve the next set of Candelabra and return them to the Labyrinth. 
We are deeply grateful for your work. 
The voice of the lady in black can be heard through the peephole 
The lady's voice could no longer be heard. 
Dante exited through the door 
Dante exited through the door 
It seems as if someone is watching you 
Hey kid Didn't I tell you to lay low? 
Playtime's over. Now 
Let's rock! 
Don't disappoint me. 
A game's no fun if you don't know the rules. So, here's the deal 
To get past here, you need to turn on all the first. 
Alright, I'm gonna count to three. That's how long you've got to come up with a plan. 
One 
Two 
Three! 
There is a switch. 
The switch has been activated. 
Dante left 
The door is tightly shut 
Before I allow you to pass through, I shall test your strength. 
Before I allow you to pass through, I shall test your magic. 
Before I allow you to pass through, I shall test your luck. 
I cannot let one with such feeble strength pass through! 
I cannot let one with such weak magic pass through! 
I cannot let one with such meager luck pass through! 
Your strength is worthy of praise! You may pass. 
Your magic is worthy of praise! You may pass. 
Your luck is worthy of praise! You may pass. 
The flames of the Candelabrum of Sovereignty are flickering wildly 
There is a tombstone without a name on it 
The inscription on the tombstone changed. 
The inscription on the tombstone remained the same. 
Record of Kin-Ki: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of Kin-Ki: Defeated in turn(s). 
It is inscribed, Here lies Kin-Ki. 
You recall the battle against Kin-Ki 
Record of Sui-Ki: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of Sui-Ki: Defeated in turn(s). 
It is inscribed, Here lies Sui-Ki. 
You recall the battle against Sui-Ki 
Record of Fuu-Ki: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of Fuu-Ki: Defeated in turn(s). 
It is inscribed, Here lies Fuu-Ki. 
You recall the battle against Fuu-Ki 
Record of Ongyo-Ki: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of Ongyo-Ki: Defeated in turn(s). 
It is inscribed, Here lies Ongyo-Ki. 
You recall the battle against Ongyo-Ki 
Record of Mara: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of Mara: Defeated in turn(s). 
It is inscribed, Here lies Mara. 
You recall the battle against Mara 
Record of Black Frost: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of Black Frost: Defeated in turn(s). 
It is inscribed, Here lies Black Frost. 
You recall the battle against Black Frost 
The flames of the Candelabrum of Sovereignty started to flicker wildly 
You feel a terrifying presence in the air 
Well met, you who was once human. 
The moment you stepped into this Labyrinth, the wheel of fate began to spin 
Time is a loop that repeats itself. 
But, we serve the fallen angel in order to rise above that fate. 
You wish for the same thing, do you not? 
We know that thou art on a quest to retrieve the candelabra. 
We, the four knights of death, have what thou seekest. 
Thine they shall be, if thou canst triumph over us. 
, the Demi-fiend 
You have conquered a number of deaths to reach here. 
Whether it be you, or one of us 
it is our master's wish that one Fiend survives this battle over the candelabra. 
And when his wish comes true 
he shall make the decision to lead his army to the final battle. 
Do you have the resolve to face us in battle? 
Even if it may cost you what is left of your humanity? 
My mind's made up. 
Very well. That is just the answer we were expecting. 
Then, show us the strength that our master stakes our fate on. 
We, the four knights of death, shall await you in the Vortex World. 
Then, we are through with you. 
The wish of our master, and of all the demons of chaos shall never be realized. 
Nevertheless, your betrayal cannot be forgiven. 
Prepare for your doom! 
The four knights of death shall claim your head! We await you in the Vortex World! 
The four horsemen disappeared 
The door is tightly shut 
The door would not budge 
Only one loyal to neither light nor darkness may pass 
Only a servant of light may pass 
Only a servant of darkness may pass 
Glory be to the demon who walks the path untouched by both light and darkness 
Glory be to the demon of light 
Glory be to the demon of darkness 
Gee, you look worn out. 
Would you like to rest for a while? Only 500 Macca! 
Oh Well, please come again! 
Oh, you don't have enough Macca Come back when you do. 
You must be thirsty. Here, have a drink 
Go ahead, have some more 
Are you feeling better? Here's some more 
Have another drink 
Your wallet feels really light 
You hear a voice 
Heeeeee hoooooo! I guess I'm a little too late. 
I tried so hard to get here, too! 
You do remember me, right? 
The Emperor of Kabukicho has finally made his comeback!! 
Um, if you're wondering how I managed to make a comeback 
that's a secret. 
Don't ask me why I shrank in size, either. Okay, hee ho? 
Anyway, once again I'm aiming to be the best! 
If I tag along with you, hee ho, I think I can become super-cool and super-strong! 
So, let's go! Heeeeee hoooooo!! 
Anyway, once again I'm aiming to be the best! 
If I tag along with you, hee ho, I think I can become super-cool and super-strong! 
So, let's 
What the!? I'm in your party already! Ho noooooo! 
I'm no use to you? Fine, be that way! I'm going home!! 
Black Frost joined you without your consent 
Black Frost left 
Black Frost couldn't join you because your party was full 
Ho hee?! You have too many demons with you! Why, hee ho!? 
I'll wait for you, hee ho, at the Cathedral of Shadows! 
Black Frost disappeared 
What's the matter, kid? Tired already? 
What's the matter, kid? Tired already? 
The game's not over yet I all the switches. 
What's the matter, kid? Tired already? 
I recently got a hold of this rare item, but nobody seems to understand its value 
How about you? Would you be interested in buying it? 
This stone, called a Deathstone, is supposed to bring death to you. But, who knows? Maybe you'll find a use for it. 
You can have it for the bargain price of 100000 Macca. Well, how 'bout it? 
Heheh, I knew you'd want it. 
That's fine. If you change your mind, feel free to come back anytime. 
I recently got a hold of this rare item, but nobody seems to understand its value 
I'd consider selling it to you, if you were a little stronger. 
I can tell you right now, though, that it'll be expensive. 
Hey hey hey, you don't have enough Macca. 
You purchased the Deathstone from the Shady Broker. 
Alright, I'll buy it. 
Yes. 
There is a Mystical Chest. 
Yes. 
You see a Cache Cube. 
Yes. 
It's empty. 
It's a trap. 
It's empty. 
found something. 
It can't be used here. 
Select a floor. 
Message Test. First, the basics 
Message Test. Next are the choices 
Yes. 
Yes, you say? 
No, you say? 
Yes. 
The door is locked 
You used the . 
Do me a favor 
Don't bother me. 
My pleasure. 
Then, give me 10000 Macca. If you don't like it, then go somewhere else. So, do you want my help or not? 
Dr. Dark healed your party. 
I see hesitation in your heart. 
Life or death You must choose even if choice defies reason. 
I can see it. Your inclination is taking form 
Would you like to know why your soul wavers? 
Tell me. 
Imagine that you're in a desert 
A turtle walks up to you. 
You flip the turtle over, leaving it on its back. 
It struggles to right itself, but to no avail. For what reason did you flip the turtle? 
You did so because of the distress in your heart. The helpless turtle is you! 
If you look at things upside-down, of course they will appear inverted. 
Forget your worries and move on. 
I see. Then be on your way. 
Your destination is predetermined; it cannot be altered. 
This is the story of a future not so far off 
where death conquers death, and fire lights the darkness 
The words of the beginning shall be spoken. 
We all await those words. 
I heard that from a demon in the Labyrinth. I wonder what it means 
The path is blocked 
It's natural for every living thing to die Therefore, medical treatment contradicts nature. 
So Did you come here to defy nature and be treated? 
No. 
Good. One lives, one dies That's the way it should be. 
I pray that you find rest soon. 
I'm a doctor, after all. I'll treat your wounds. 
But, I'm gonna charge you Macca. Alright? 
Dr. Dark healed your party. 
Money first. Get outta here. 
The door up ahead will test your luck. 
If you're unlucky, you won't even be able to set foot inside the room. 
Even if you do manage to get in, there's no telling where you'll end up 
So, tell me Are you feelin' lucky? 
Hold on! Are you planning to go through that door?! 
Dude, forget it. Only someone strong like me can go in there! 
A puny wimp like you won't be able to get in. 
There are more doors like it inside Even I can't get through some of them! 
If you wanna get in, you better build some muscle. Right now, you're just a little girlie-man. 
This floor has three types of special doors. 
You need a certain amount of power, luck or magic to enter each door. 
The door up ahead is one of them. If you're going in, you better be prepared. 
The Labyrinth of Amala used to have some incredible treasure. 
But, I heard some group stole it I don't know the details, though. 
Hee ho! 
I saw an awesome dude with guns and a giant sword mowing down demons, hee ho! 
It was terrifying! 
Hee ho!! 
The Emperor has returned!! 
I want his autograph, hee ho, so I'm gonna go look for him!! 
I'm glad you made it here. 
If you get stronger 
I'll sell you something special. 
I've got nothing else to sell you. Hey, don't worry. 
I'm sure there are other brokers besides me in this labyrinth. 
You're pretty strong. 
I'll sell you something special. Interested? 
On second thought, forget what I just said. 
The demon you have there Yeah, that scary one with large eyes 
As long as you've got that demon with you, I can't sell you mine. Come back after you get rid of it. 
On second thought, forget what I just said. 
The demon you have there Yeah, the one that looks like it's always hungry 
As long as you've got that demon with you, I can't sell you mine. Come back after you get rid of it. 
You're pretty strong. 
I'll sell you something special. 
Wait a minute, your party's full. 
If you want a new companion, make some room first and then come back. 
Here's what I'm selling 
a demon with a body of steel. It'll be useful in battle. 
Nothing can harm this demon! It can't even be scratched! 
I'm asking 70000 Macca. I know it's kinda high, but it's well worth the price So, you want it? 
Here's what I'm selling 
a demon of darkness with a powerful skill 
I'm telling you, this one's got some potential! 
I-I can't stress enough the potential it has! I personally recommend it! 
I'm asking 150000 Macca. I know it's kinda high, but it's well worth the price So, you want it? 
Alright, I'll buy it. 
Excellent choice! 
You purchased a demon from the Shady Broker. 
I am Kaja Mitama. 
With my magic, I can weaken the enemy. 
Let me know when I am needed. 
The demon joined your party. 
That's fine. If you change your mind, feel free to come back anytime. 
Hey, you don't have enough Macca! 
Come back when you have more money, okay? 
Hey, you're not going on ahead, are you? 
If you are, you better be ready. 
I saw a guy with guns and a huge sword walk in not long ago. 
Looks like you're safe. That's good to know. 
There is mud left lying around. 
The mud is shaped somewhat like a human. 
There is a stain in the shape of a human. 
Something is in its hand. 
Yes. 
There is a stain in the shape of a human. 
Halt! 
This is the , the place for those who seek silence. 
I cannot let anyone see our commander or the Maiden. 
Leave these grounds immediately! 
Yes. 
There is a Mystical Chest. 
Yes. 
You see a Cache Cube. 
Yes. 
It's empty. 
It's a trap. 
It's empty. 
found something. 
It can't be used here. 
Select a floor. 
If you travel north from here, you'll reach . 
All the Mantra demons are there. May their souls rest in peace 
I heard Gozu-Tennoh was defeated. May his soul rest in peace 
I hear something's going on at the Mantra's headquarters. May their souls rest in peace 
I heard the ghost of Gozu-Tennoh went inside a human girl. 
Yosuga, was it? May their souls rest in peace 
The Manikin over there died 
He died the instant he became human. 
You see, humans can't live in the Vortex World May his soul rest in peace 
We, the believers of Shijima, will follow Commander Hikawa and conquer the tower! 
There is no way that fools like you can accomplish such a feat! 
Hahahahahahaha! 
We, the believers of Shijima, will follow Commander Hikawa and conquer the tower! 
Oh, ! 
Our battle has begun. 
Please rest here, and fight for the sake of Shijima. 
!! 
You're ! 
Infidel! You come to break our stillness!? 
Leave!! 
! Nice work. 
Lord Hikawa and the other Reason leaders have all headed upward. 
Lord Hikawa started later, but he must have something in mind. 
Please, help our Lord create the world of Shijima! I'm cheering you on! 
! 
Help me! 
YOU SUCK 
LEAVE ME ALONE. 
? 
YOU CAN PASS. 
SHUT UP. 
Well, hang in there, okay? 
D-Don't mind me 
Leave me alone. 
Weaklings like you aren't allowed to walk alongside the followers of Yosuga! 
Get lost! 
O demon of noble blood, welcome. 
Come! Let us fight together! 
Inferior being! You're an inferior being! 
Only the strong may make it to the top of Kagutsuchi! 
You have no right to be here! 
This is debug. I wasted my time on debug. 
I've had enough of this. 
That's it, I'm gone. 
An inferior being! 
Help me!! 
. 
More goddamn debug. 
See you. Good luck! 
Good luck. 
Hello. 
The creation is near 
No, really! 
I'm sorry, please forgive me! 
The other paths are filled with demons. 
The only path remaining is this one. 
Who will create the world? Who will become god? 
Will they be nice to us in the new world? 
Chiaki = debug. 
Ugh. 
Is this file entirely debug? 
Us Manikins want to see the world created from here. 
Please wait. 
O noble Demi-fiend, I am honored to meet you! 
I am Samael. 
Commander Hikawa has ordered me to assist you in your quest. 
You are now the embodiment of Shijima 
I would be honored to accompany you. 
Yeah, please join. 
Very well! I forfeit my life to you. 
Now, let us go. 
Samael has joined your party. 
Such strength I see why Commander Hikawa thinks so highly of you. 
Then, I shall wait to be summoned at the Cathedral of Shadows. 
I wish you luck. 
Samael left. 
Hm? 
It seems that you have enough members to handle things 
I shall wait to be summoned at the Cathedral of Shadows. 
I wish you luck. 
Debuggy. 
Select your Reason. 
Shijima. 
Warp after warp. 
Return to the Obelisk? 
Yes. 
Yes. 
There is a Mystical Chest. 
Yes. 
You see a Cache Cube. 
Yes. 
It's empty. 
It's a trap. 
It's empty. 
found something. 
It can't be used here. 
Select a floor. 
You sense a strong power from beyond the door. 
Yes. 
The door is closed tight. 
We Manikins have also climbed this tower. 
We've always been looking up. We've always wondered about Kagutsuchi. 
A tower coming from Kagutsuchi, the Obelisk shrinking It's all weird. 
Don't forget about us when creating the world. 
What Reason are you here to cheer on? 
Yosuga. 
Don't bully me, okay? 
Talk to me sometimes, okay? 
I'll be quiet. 
That's an option. 
The leaders of each Reason are climbing the tower. 
The final battle for creation is about to begin. 
With Futomimi gone, it doesn't matter to us which Reason wins. 
Magatsuhi is flowing up toward Kagutsuchi. 
Some of that consists of our people from Mifunashiro. 
With Baal's protection, Lady was the first to start. 
She's not only noble, she's sharp! 
Our god Baal Avatar 
I can't believe that Lady was defeated 
So, you are the true leader of Yosuga, defeating Lady 
We follow only the strong! Lead us well 
I heard the damn Manikins are climbing the tower. 
Those pests 
You'll find out how superb we followers of Yosuga really are. 
Now, let us fight alongside each other! 
I have no business with inferior beings, such as you. 
It can't be! 
How could Yosuga fall at the hands of an inferior being?! 
Those damn angels, thinking they're all that! 
This is discrimination against ex-Mantra demons! 
Those damn angels are all in a panic. Heheh. 
But yeah, I didn't think Lady would be defeated 
Yosuga is finished. 
We, the believers of Shijima, will follow Commander Hikawa and conquer the tower. 
We shall see your works, Demi-fiend! 
Infiltrator of our stillness, begone! 
Demi-fiend A force to be reckoned with 
The Mantra's attack The halt of the Nightmare System and the loss of the Maiden 
We had a lot of fun, thanks to a certain 'somebody', but all is well. 
We have our god, Ahriman, to lead us to stillness. 
Nooooo! Lord Hikawa! Ahriman! 
According to our comrades, there's a bunch of traps on the floors above. 
Guess the path to Kagutsuchi isn't going to be an easy one, after all. 
Something's wrong! 
We have yet to receive word of Shijima's success in creation! 
It couldn't be! 
A mere girl on a power trip A self-indulgent brat They can't handle creation! 
Oh, please excuse my behavior. 
I became quite emotional, contrary to the belief of Shijima. 
Our stillness has been disrupted 
's already climbing the tower. 
Noah is incredible! We don't need to join together like those other Reasons. 
We'll soon be able to create a world where we won't have to associate with anyone 
No way!? 
Noah's 's defeated!? 
Man, what's going to happen to our world of Musubi!? 
was beaten, I almost shit my pants. 
But, we have you, man! 
I don't care who it is, just as long as our world of Musubi is created 
If you can reach the top, you should be able to meet Kagutsuchi. 
I hear it's a very long path, though 
Well, you wouldn't be able to do it, so don't talk to me. 
Well, you should be able to do it. You have a strong sense of self. 
Ah Don't Don't talk to me! 
Ever again! 
If the world of Musubi is created 
Nothing would really change. I'm doing what I want now, anyway. 
But, It would be nice if those annoying groups like Shijima and Yosuga disappeared. 
Even if the world of Musubi can't be created 
I'll do whatever I want. 
! ! !! 
! ! !! 
!? 
What!? I'm listening to my music, can't ya tell!? 
There's no reason I need to go up just because the others did, right!? 
! ! !! 
! ! ! 
! ? 
Huh? 
Eh!? 
was defeated!? 
When the other leaders are making their way up, why is Commander Hikawa not moving? 
Is he waiting for the Demi-fiend? 
The Demi-fiend 
That was an oversight. 
The tower is filled with the power of Kagutsuchi 
It's so strong, the higher levels aren't being formed properly. 
I saw an incredible demon up ahead. It's big! It's red! 
Is it still there? 
You see the grave of Masakado. 
Yes. 
There is a Mystical Chest. 
Yes. 
You see a Cache Cube. 
Yes. 
It's empty. 
It's a trap. 
It's empty. 
found something. 
It can't be used here. 
Select a floor. 
Long ago, there was a hero who fought against the tides of time in pursuit of a better world. 
His name was Lord Masakado Taira. 
He's probably watching over us, even now 
This is the Cathedral of Shadows 
We hope that our secret art will be of help to you, master of demons. 
There are Cathedrals elsewhere; feel free to drop by. 
We have successfully developed a new fusion technique 
Do you know what a Demonic Compendium is? 
Let's call it Sacrificial Fusion. 
Besides the two demons that are fused, an additional demon is sacrificed in the process. 
The strength of the resulting demon will reflect the level of the demon that was sacrificed. 
Also, in some cases, you may end up with a completely different demon than you expected. 
I recommend that you experiment with various combinations. 
However, be forewarned that this type of fusion harnesses the chaotic power of Kagutsuchi. 
Therefore, it can only be performed when Kagutsuchi shines brightest. 
Why don't you give it a try next time? 
What an ominous thing you have 
Deathstones are cursed stones that call upon death. 
A stone such as this can cast a shadow on my arcane art 
Under certain circumstances, death will appear and warp the laws of fusion. 
When this occurs, a Fiend-- a bearer of death-- will manifest itself. 
Though they are not good, they cannot be classified as evil, either. 
In the end, it is you who will decide their nature. 
It contains information on all demons in existence, but only those that the reader has made a pact with can be viewed 
I see that you have been recruiting many a demon. 
From now on, use this compendium to your advantage. 
The Demonic Compendium is now available for use. 
At last, you have subjugated every species of demon in this land 
How incredible your power is 
In commemoration of this incredible feat, we wish to offer you a special rate for summoning demons. 
The demon summoning fee has been reduced. 
I've been waiting for you, 
In this land, there exist certain things that hold demonic power. 
Yes, the Magatama in your body are what I am referring to. 
One who possesses a demon's strength, yet retains his humanity 
We have long awaited such an individual. 
And then, along came you 
You, a human with the strength of a demon, 
have succeeded in gathering all the Magatama. 
We have concluded that you are indeed worthy of a reward. 
Take it to His Lordship. 
He, who once protected Tokyo, shall surely help you with his awesome might. 
Oh my, a demon opened the way to Kagutsuchi. 
This is quite a surprise, isn't it, my little master? 
The tower thrust down by Kagutsuchi struck the Obelisk, driving it into the earth. 
Those who yearn for creation will come streaming into this place. 
You have done very well in keeping yourself alive and entertaining my little master. 
However, the final, most important act is about to begin. Don't let up. 
So, my little master, do you think it's possible for a demon to steal the show at the performance's conclusion? 
The child and the old woman disappeared 
They are striving for creation. 
The time has come for you to choose 
between dedicating yourself to the purpose of creation, and living your life as a demon 
If creation is your goal, then seek out Kagutsuchi. 
But, if you wish to live as a demon 
I suggest that you go visit the old gentleman who lives deep in the red labyrinth. 
This is strictly my opinion, but I see great potential in you. I think you would become a demon like no other. 
So, please be careful. 
Whether you live for creation or live as a demon, 
you will have no rest from this point on 
So you have chosen to live as a demon Your visit to the old gentleman has made you even stronger, I see. 
The only thing left for you to do is to vanquish Kagutsuchi and wait for the final battle 
My little master says that when the time comes, he will go with you to the battleground. 
Until then, keep up the good work. 
My little master and I are looking forward to it 
You win Do as you please 
Ha ha ha I got beat up pretty bad. 
to be that strong 
I worked so hard to get the Reason of Musubi But, it seems almost impossible for me to create my world now 
Here Let me give you this. I have guarded it with my life 
. 
It's up to you now 
. You've created the world of Yosuga. 
It's a strong and beautiful kingdom, for those who attain the height of power. 
I always thought that I'd be the one to bring about the new world. 
But, I guess instead my duty was to choose you. 
I've completed my duty, so I deserve a nice long rest, don't you think? 
You're supposed to go that way. 
There you'll find eternal bliss And it's rightfully yours. 
Thanks for everything, . Say hi to the world I dreamed of for me 
A demon born in exchange for the world 
There's no other quite like you. 
Kagutsuchi may have cursed you, but I give you my blessing. 
Light no longer shines upon you. 
But, you can do without it, can't you? 
Darkness is the source of your power now 
I'm afraid I have to go now. 
I won't forget you, though. We'll definitely meet again 
You should get going, too. 
Chaos will reign, as you desired, since no new world was forged. 
Indeed, it shall be the millennial kingdom of demons 
I will go on to the next world. 
I won't forget about you, though. 
We'll meet again some day 
Live on 
in this world of demons. 
You were such an extravagent toy. 
But, I'm not gonna play with you anymore. 
I'm going to the next world. 
You'll have to find a new friend to play with here, 
in this kingdom of demons and darkness 
It was an entertaining show. I wasn't sure how it would turn out, but 
You've become a demon one that hungers for souls and can never be saved. 
So, go. Nothing was created, but you have achieved the eternal chaos you desired. 
You have returned, mighty demon 
Have you not seen it with your own eyes? 
The stronghold of Nihilo was laid to waste by my army 
Then, why? 
Behold 
Magatsuhi escapes from my body, against my will 
And I am not the only one! 
All the members of Mantra are being drained of their Magatsuhi! 
Curse you, Nihilo! 
What sort of devious trick did they use!? 
Oh, the humiliation! 
No! I will not die! 
My body may perish, but my spirit will live on! 
In time, the one worthy of my power will come. 
It is then that I shall return!! 
I will not let them create a world of stillness!! 
What good is a world without strength!? 
I will not forget this rage, this fire that burns my flesh and soul! 
My kingdom shall rise again!! 
Guoh 
I can see 
the Maiden where the Magatsuhi is drawn to 
But alas, we are utterly powerless 
We have no choice but to wait for our doom 
Woe to our leader! Gozu-Tennoh!! 
Well done. You've proven yourself with your awesome power. 
All of you who have lurked in darkness and waited faithfully for this day, hear me 
A new demon of darkness has been born. 
The time has come. 
Together, let us march onward! 
To the final battle where our true enemy awaits! 
You have created a new demon in your heart's likeness, fallen angel? 
Then, doom shall set us apart 
now and forevermore 
The headquarters of the Gaea cult 
This is where it all started. 
They were a group who absorbed all forms of doctrine, for they believed they could discover the truth from chaos. 
But even within that cult, he was regarded as a heretic. 
Yes, I am referring to the man who changed your destiny and that of the world. 
He firmly believed that the ideal cannot be found in reality, 
that it could only be brought about by one's own hand. 
And ultimately, he reached beyond the scope of mankind and plotted the creation of the world. 
Fate is drawn to a strong will, it seems. 
His plot became reality 
when he uncovered the Scripture of Miroku, buried deep within the cult's library. 
With the Scripture in his possession, he reconstructed the spinning drum of Amala. 
By deciphering the symbols on the drum, he gained access to the Amala Universe 
and learned of the Conception the fated destruction of the world. 
That incident at the park followed shortly thereafter. 
You see For creation to be possible after the Conception, certain preparations were necessary. 
The demons which he summoned were unleashed 
and a bloody act of carnage ensued. 
He decided to take control of the inevitable--the death and rebirth of the world. 
Some members of the Gaea cult were against him, and the Order of Messiah tried to stop him, but 
he eliminated both threats at once, with the power of his demons. 
With all opposition removed, he watched as the Conception took place, 
just as foretold in the prophecy of Miroku No, just as he planned after unraveling the prophecy. 
The Assembly of Nihilo was created at that time as well, to aid him in creation. 
I see that you are making steady progress in recovering the candelabra. 
By the way, did you not encounter a large number of souls in this realm? 
They are the memories of humans in your former world who were purified by death. 
Even after drifting to the farthest reaches of Amala, they still cannot let go of the past. 
Many of them were involved with a man that you have met 
a man by the name of Hikawa. 
He is the one who led your world to destruction. 
You stand here as the result of his acts in the former world. 
I commend you for making it this far. I wish to tell you something that you, as a human, would not otherwise have learned 
about his past, and what caused the Conception. 
That is what happened in Tokyo. 
The Conception occurred as he planned, and now creation will follow. 
However, the future is not set; we have yet to see what will happen. 
set free from the perpetual cycle of creation 
We have faith in you, and will continue to watch you. 
Exterminate all who interfere with his plan, 
and dispose of those who do not share his ideal 
He decided to take control of the inevitable--the death and rebirth of the world. 
Nevertheless, the direction of the new world is still undetermined. 
Will the world he envisions become reality, 
or will a different world be born? 
The answer to that question The outcome 
may be decided by the actions you take from this point on. 
Be careful, and stray not from the path that you believe in 
Are you the Fiend who has been seduced by the power of darkness? 
Man is destined to die, and the world to end Yet, still you challenge the order of the universe. 
Do not lose sight of the truth, Demi-fiend. Your struggle against death is futile. 
No matter how many candelabra you gather, the shadow on your heart will not be lifted. 
It is my duty to save those who have gone astray Let me be your guide. 
Receive my salvation Accept your death! 
Great, the entire park is closed. 
I won't be able to get a single picture of the scene Just my luck. 
? 
What's up, kid? 
What happened here? 
Well, this is what they said on TV: 
The clash between a well-known company and a civic organization results in deaths 
But, those who live on the fringe say 
that it was a struggle between two opposing cults. 
Oh Okay. 
If you're not interested, then it's better not to get involved. 
You wouldn't believe me if I told you that there was a struggle between two religious cults would you? 
Your cell phone started to ring. 
Huh? Isn't that your phone ringing? 
? It's me. 
*sigh* I finally got a hold of you. What have you been doing all this time? 
Please enter your classmate's name. 
, but you're never late. Did something happen? 
Where are you now? Yoyogi Park? 
Well, since you didn't show up on time, and I left without you. We're almost there. 
So yeah, I'm sorry, but can you come directly to the hospital? 
You know which hospital it is? Yeah, Shinjuku Medical Center. 
Just go east from Shinjuku Station, and you can't miss it. 
Oh well. 
I wanted to talk to Ms. about what I should do after graduation anyway. 
I'll be there ASAP. 
Thanks, I'm not planning on staying there long. 
Okay then, see you later. 
What? I care about my future, thank you very much. 
Honestly, you and should start planning ahead too. 
Anyway, don't keep us waiting, okay? 
See you later. 
hung up. 
Hey, wait a minute You're going to Shinjuku Medical Center? 
That's where I'm headed, too. What a coincidence. 
Here, take this. This issue isn't out yet. 
You don't know what happened here, right? 
Then, you probably don't know what kind of place that hospital is, either. 
The report on the Gaea cult and the Scripture of Miroku It's an interesting read. 
You wouldn't normally associate a hospital with the occult, but 
That place is different. 
Heheh. 
False info is pretty common in the occult industry. If it does turn out to be wrong, just laugh it off, okay? 
Well, I'd better get going. 
My name's Hijiri. If we ever meet again, let me know what you thought about my article. 
Well, look who we have here A weak-looking demon. 
Ah, whatever Pixies, deal with him! 
*giggle* Look who's here! 
You're nothin' to us! 
We'll chase you outta here! 
And here I was wondering what kind of demon was trespassing Why, you're only a harmless child! 
You cannot pass through here by luck alone. 
I hope that you do not bore me. 
Pixies! Play with him! 
Peace out, pervert! 
You have done well coming this far. Though, I do not know if I should praise you or not. 
But, your luck ends here. How now, mad spirit! 
My troops shall entrap you as you move! 
This falls out better than I could devise! 
Enjoy the waltz and pageantry the High Pixies of our kingdom are famed for 
Curse you! How have you made it past all of that unscathed? 
Rascals! You grow bolder with each with each passing day! 
But, you shall fall into despair this time 
I trashed the platform Trashed! Har har har! 
And not just that An entire legion of my best troops awaits you! 
And now, you will die 
We destroyed the platform! 
You can't see where we're hiding anymore! So, why don't you just give it up and leave? 
I found you! I won't let you get any further! 
You fell for it! 
Get outta here! 
Go somewhere else! 
Get lost! 
Leave! 
Get outta here! 
Go somewhere else! 
Get lost! 
Leave! 
What a sneaky, little creep He got past us! 
Alright! This time, let's try the cross-formation! 
Ugh! He passed again! 
Okay, girls! X-formation! 
Back me up! C'mon, c'mon! 
He's the one, huh? We just have to throw him out, right? Leave it to us! 
We all have to die sometime! I'm just trying to speed it up for you! 
Hey, it's you! Long time no see! 
Trying to get to the communications tower? My sisters are giving you a hard time, aren't they? 
Alright! I'll help you get through, nice and easy! 
You know? 
Yes, I do. 
Sure you do. 
Then, I'll tell you This was a communications tower construction site. 
It's divided into four sections. 
You can see this entire section from this platform. 
And those lights on the bridges are Pixies. 
Avoid Pixies at all costs. They'll just cause you trouble. 
So, it might be a good idea to scan the area to see where they're hiding. 
I was watching the Pixies, and I noticed something 
It seems that they have two formations when hiding. 
From here, one formation looks like an X. 
And the other one looks like a cross. 
Yay!! We're finally here! 
I guess this is goodbye? 
Good riddance. 
Whoa! Talk about harsh! 
You sure you can get by without me? 
Heck, yeah. 
Is that so! Then, here you go. 
Careful not to die out there! 
Awww! I knew you wanted to be with me. 
Alrighty! I guess I'll stay with you a little longer! 
We made it to Yoyogi Park, so I guess we can part ways now. 
Or do I get the sense you want us to stay together? Hmmm??? 
I need you. 
Mmmm I like the way that sounds. *flirt* 
You win! I'll stay with you a while longer! 
What a friggin' jerk you turned out to be! 
Take this, then. Think of it as payment. At least I'm not an asshole like you! *pfffft* 
You'd better take good care of it! 
The door's locked Is it the work of my friends inside? 
If you want to get into the construction site, there's an entrance on the Harajuku side. 
There is someone by the bench 
Did you know? 
A is at the Mantra's headquarters now. 
Yes, I know, my little master. 
I believe it was the same young lady who was at the hospital. 
I wonder if she's thinking about coming up with a Reason. 
I'm really interested. 
I am too, my little master. 
Ikebukuro will be bustling with action once again. 
The child and the old woman disappeared 
No one is here 
The platform has been destroyed. 
Huh? What was I doing? 
*yawn* I had a weird dream 
In my dream, I was a bad demon, hee ho! 
No, it was not a dream. 
It was all Sakahagi's doing. 
We had been cursed by Sakahagi and were reduced to our primitive nature. 
, I ask you to forgive our discourtesy 
You may take the Yahirono Himorogi as you please. It is a sign of our gratitude. 
By the way 
Before we were cursed, a human girl came here. 
She was beaten by Sakahagi, yet somehow survived and limped to safety, but 
I felt an evil power from her heart. Something even stronger than that of Sakahagi. 
That girl is not an ordinary human 
Oh, excuse me. That was completely irrelevant. 
We shall take our leave. We all thank you from the bottom of our hearts. 
Please put the Yahirono Himorogi to good use 
We won't ever forget you! 
Bye-bye! 
The fairies disappeared 
The flames of the Candelabrum of Sovereignty are flickering wildly 
You can feel the presence of a terrifying demon 
Yes. 
Are you sure? 
It looks like you'll be able to get away. 
It looks like you won't be able to escape 
I know you have a Candelabrum! 
The flames of the Candelabrum burn passionately! You won't escape! 
Yes. 
There is a Mystical Chest. 
Yes. 
You see a Cache Cube. 
Yes. 
It's empty. 
It's a trap. 
It's empty. 
found something. 
It can't be used here. 
Select a floor. 
The door is locked from the other side. 
The door is locked. 
Yes. 
The door is now unlocked. 
I've seen that communications tower before 
The name comes up when I look at it 
I feel like something bad happened to me 
That woman seems like she's up to something! 
She's probably a monster here to eat us! 
That's another bad thing that's gonna happen to me 
I heard an incredible woman appeared at Ikebukuro! 
Now something bad IS gonna happen to me! 
The Lady of the Fount's hot You met her yet? 
Oh, yeah. 
Man, she's hot! 
Then, hurry up and go to the Fountain of Life up ahead. 
She's hot! 
The Lady of the Fount is hot as usual! You visiting? 
You know She's so hot! 
Then, how've you been recovering!? 
The hot one's always been the Lady of the Fount 
I'm telling ya, the Lady of the Fount's the hottest of them all! 
The construction site over there is now the home of the fairies. 
They locked the door, so we can't get in 
But, I wonder if you can get in from the east side? 
You should be able to get there by taking the . 
Good thing Tokyo's circular. 
That's what I was going to say, but you came from inside! 
So, what's in there? 
The construction site's pretty quiet now. 
I heard there's a beautiful woman somewhere around this side of the park. 
I prefer the cute little Pixies, though. 
in Shibuya? 
Seems that she came from some hospital. 
I heard that they were doing some pretty cruel things at Shinjuku Medical Center. 
Gaea cult, was it? 
I 
Prefer . 
The door is locked. 
You used the . 
Yes. 
You sense strong power from beyond the door. 
Yes. 
Why are the fairies occupying the construction site anyway? 
Is there a large amount of Magatsuhi stashed there or something? 
The fairies may have locked themselves in because they don't like this harsh world. 
But even then, they got dragged into the war over Magatsuhi 
Be careful, the fairies have all gone crazy. 
If you get too close to one without thinking, you'll be teleported somewhere else! 
Man, I'm so glad that the Pixies are back to normal. 
I was teleported everywhere! 
You can see that communications tower being built by the crane, right? 
That's where that Sakahagi is. 
But, you can't get into that section from here. 
Sakahagi, huh? That was one creepy guy. 
There was a treasure chest containing loads of Magatsuhi under the communications tower. 
Sakahagi used that to summon a powerful demon. 
It reflects physical attacks. 
*sigh* How did it come to this? 
*sigh* Is there no god in this world? 
A vicious-looking Manikin walked into the construction site. 
He locked the door, so the fairies that were outside are in a panic. 
The fairies are back to normal. 
Those that were locked out went back inside. 
Oh no, oh no! 
Everyone went crazy! 
Dang 
That Sakahagi messed everyone up and slipped right inside 
What's up with this Sakahagi!? 
Is that human in the southern room in cahoots, too!? 
This construction site is split into four sections. 
There's a platform in each one, so try climbing it. 
You can see from there the entire section and the shining Pixies that's trying to hide. 
There's no more Pixies hiding, but climb up once in awhile. It feels good. 
Huh? 
The High Pixies changed positions? 
I saw you do your thing from up here. 
You're good. 
Those High Pixies They change their positions every time you pass under them. 
There's a cross-formation and an X-formation. 
Try checking them out from a platform. 
Well, it is a bit lonely not having those High Pixies buzzing around. 
There! He's in there! 
That Manikin Sakahagi went into the communications tower site! 
That was cool 
After you went inside, the sky lit right up. It was like magic! 
I heard that there's a babe somewhere around here. Oh where, oh where can she be? 
Heard she looks nice from behind, if you catch my drift! 
The babe with a nice behind had the face of death! 
Lately, a lady's been seen around these parts. 
I've only seen her from behind, but what I saw looks good! 
If you wanna meet her, try looking for her. 
Cerberus was erased. 
Are you trying to get to Ikebukuro, too? 
I say you should turn back. 
There's a crazy dog blocking the way up ahead. He's a real ruffian! 
Hey! Did you see that giant dog? 
Yes. 
That dog Maybe it's guarding the Mantra Or, maybe it just likes hounding people. 
If you rover on up ahead, you'll see him. Be careful not to get eaten. He's a doggone menace! 
GRRRRRRRRR 
There is a ferocious dog blocking the path! 
The Mantra are collecting Magatsuhi while using Ikebukuro as their headquarters. 
I saw a bunch of Manikins being taken there. 
Eep!! D-D-D-Don't kill me! 
Oh, sorry Wrong demon. 
I was just attacked by the Mantra. Aside from the usual brutality, they used very harsh language! 
Stability created by regulations, or chaos resulting from freedom 
Which is the better world? That's a difficult choice 
My, what a handsome boy! I can give you a massage! 
Okay. 
Mmmm You're pretty tense Ahhh How's this? 
You fully recovered! 
Oh, that's too bad. 
If you'd like a relaxing massage, talk to me anytime! 
Hey, do you like this underpass? 
Yes. 
Are you stupid? I hate this place!! 
There's nothing to drink down here but dirty water!! 
You, too? Ew! They need to do something about this dirty water. 
I'm all thirsty, and there's nothing down here. 
What is it? 
Give her clean water. 
You're giving this to me??? Thank you sooo much!! 
I'll give you this in return! 
The main character obtained 1 rare item. 
Don't talk to me if you've got nothing to say! Speaking makes me even thirstier! *cough* 
Take good care of my treasure! It's 'precious' to me! 
The flames of the Candelabrum of Sovereignty are flickering wildly 
You can feel the presence of a terrifying demon 
The flames of the candelabrum beckon me to the battlefield! 
I do not know who you are, but If you have a candelabrum, it is our destiny to fight. 
Let us duel to the death within my realm, where no one can interrupt us! 
So, those holding candelabra did attract each other 
, I have a favor to ask of you. 
There is no hurry, but could you bring your candelabrum to us? 
I will allow you access to the from the terminal. 
I will explain the details once you arrive. 
Until then, please make sure you do not lose the candelabrum 
You hear a familiar voice. 
You can no longer hear the lady's voice. 
You used the terminal and headed to the Labyrinth of Amala 
Great timing! I have something to ask you 
Of those two forces that are waging war right now--Nihilo and the Mantra 
Which side are you on? 
Mighty Mantra's side. 
The Mantra's city of Ikebukuro is a place ruled by violence. 
You can't complain if you are maimed. No one complains if you kill someone. 
I see that you have the stomach to endure that rule. 
You are against rule by power? Do you not have confidence in your own power? How odd 
Allow me to judge your power!! 
I am amazed by *pant* your power I must *pant* train harder 
Ah!! 
Whoa!! 
Ack!! He's this far already!? 
demon? 
Huh!? Mantra!? 
Ummmmmm 
Anyway, let's report this to everyone! 
Ahhh!! H-He's here! 
Th-The demon's here! 
Th-The Mantra!? 
A Mantra demon 
It's over 
It's all over 
? 
Huh? 
Hey, he's not a Mantra! Never seen a demon of the likes of him in their army! 
I was worried for nothing. Now, I can get back to my rocking chair. 
What? 
Are we that peculiar to you? 
Actually, yeah. 
. 
You can probably tell a lot about us just by seeing where we live. 
Now, go home! Everyone else, do the same. 
I thought that you'd never seen a before. 
That was a waste of time Everyone, back to business! 
Oh 
I guess he's not a Mantra demon 
We were worried for nothing. 
From the moment us Manikins are born, we're destined to become slaves. 
Even now, many of our people are suffering at the hands of the Mantra. 
But, we have a heart too, y'know! We can feel pain like anyone else. 
Being a slave is miserable That's why we escaped to this underpass 
We live in a constant state of fear that the Mantra will attack us at any moment 
That's why we've sealed off the path up ahead. 
I'm sorry, but we can't open the gate to Ikebukuro. 
Please go back 
Now, then We must return to our duties. 
The Manikins returned to their rooms. 
Hey! Stop right there. 
This path leads to Ikebukuro, the base of the Mantra. 
It would be real bad if the Mantra came, so I can't open the gate. 
I can't let you pass. 
It wouldn't be good if the Mantra came, so I can't open the gate. 
How many times do I have to tell you? I can't let you pass 
What's this? 
You gave the gatekeeper the . 
? A letter from him? 
? 
! 
I got it. If that's the case, it can't be helped. 
Go ahead and pass. 
Ask me anytime if you want to get through. 
Going through? 
Open the gate? 
Yes. 
Hey. 
Are you that demon everyone is talking about? 
I'm a collector of many things, especially things that have to do with humans. 
So, I leave the underpass every so often, convincing the gatekeeper to let me through. 
Well, if you need some advice, I'll help you. 
Maybe you could help me collect 'stuff' 
Is something wrong? 
The gatekeeper is preventing you from passing by to get to Ikebukuro, huh? 
Would you like me to persuade him to let you through? 
Yes. 
Are you sure? Okay, suit yourself. 
I doubt you'll be able to get that gatekeeper to let you through. 
Come back if you change your mind. I'll be here. 
Alright, I'll persuade the gatekeeper to let you through. 
But, only on one condition 
You have to find something that I'm looking for. 
. It's a small portrait painted by humans in a greenish color. 
It's small, yet detailed, and it uses watermarking technology that changes patterns 
It had value at one time, I think. I heard that some humans valued it more than their lives! 
I'd like to find one, but I have no clue as to where I can find it. 
I heard that there were plenty where . A city, perhaps? 
Maybe you'll be able to do it. You're a demon, after all. 
Anyways I entrust you with finding that Bill. 
*gasp* A real BILL!!! 
We had a deal, right? C'mon, c'mon! Oh, this is great!!! 
You handed over the . 
As I said, a deal's a deal. Hold on a sec. 
to the gatekeeper. This should get you through. 
See you later I hope you get to Ikebukuro safely. 
Ooooooh It says '1000' on it!! Wonder what that's worth? 
Hmmm Where's the switch to activate the watermark? 
Did you find a Bill? 
I heard that there were plenty where . A city, perhaps? 
The Mantra are busy attacking Nihilo, so now's a great chance to collect stuff around Ikebukuro! 
To go, or not to go That is the question! I'd hate to get killed 
No one is here. 
You feel like the story progressed. 
A seems to have been raised. 
This is a spare NPC. 
The flame of the is wavering wildly 
You can feel the presence of a terrifying demon 
Yes. 
Are you sure? 
It looks like you'll be able to get away. 
It looks like you won't be able to escape. 
I know that you have a candelabrum! 
The flames of the candelabrum burn passionately! You won't escape! 
Yes. 
There is a Mystical Chest. 
Yes. 
You see a Cache Cube. 
Yes. 
It's empty. 
It's a trap. 
It's empty. 
found something. 
It can't be used here. 
Select a floor. 
Yes. 
Oh, you again. 
Is it bothering you that much? 
We're Manikins. 
Our destiny is to be slaves to the demons. 
But, we can also feel pain, you know. 
That's why we live in hiding in this underpass. 
Get it? So, please leave us be. 
Then, leave us be. 
We're like humans, but we're not 
We were made to look like them, for some reason or another. It can't be helped. 
Eeeeeeeeep! D-D-D-Don't kill me! 
Oops Wrong demon. 
I-I-I-I thought I was going to be killed! 
I've decided to stay here. I've grown attached to this place. 
This underpass is built like a maze, so it's perfect for a hideout. 
? 
You're cool. 
You blow. 
Gozu-Tennoh is the leader of the Mantra! 
The Mantra and the Assembly of Nihilo oppose each other because their ideals differ. 
They have different ideas of how Tokyo should be run, you see. 
Did you meet the Manikin who collects junk? 
You did? 
He's weird 
I see. 
He likes things that humans used. If you want to meet him, he's downstairs. 
Many of our fellow Manikins are suffering in Ikebukuro as slaves of the . 
Um, the Mantra are a group of demons based in Ikebukuro. Dunno if you knew 
The Mantra are headed for Nihilo's headquarters in Ginza. 
They used this underpass to get there, so we all locked ourselves inside of our rooms. 
Everyone headed to Asakusa, where Futomimi is. 
This place has become desolate now. 
I prefer this underpass. 
Ikebukuro is west of here. 
If you're going back to Ginza, head east. 
If the Mantra and Nihilo ever go at it 
This place'll be toast in no time. 
The Mantra and Nihilo have finally started it! Inquiring minds want to know 
Will the Mantra win with power, or will Nihilo win with strategy? 
The Assembly of Nihilo They're quite a dangerous bunch 
Hitting on me in a place like this?! 
Well, demons with a gift for gab have skills that calm opponents down when they get upset. 
A smooth talker like that would be popular with the ladies! 
This is the Great Underpass of Ginza that connects Ginza to Ikebukuro. 
It's a loooooong tunnel full of full of poisonous demons! 
The terminal up ahead is an . 
You can use it to return to the parent terminal. 
Are you headed to Ikebukuro? 
I see. It's probably for the best. 
Ikebukuro's right there after you get out of this hall. 
But, there hasn't been a single being that's escaped the Mantra's clutches once they've been caught! 
Gozu-Tennoh isn't a pushover. You'd better be careful. 
A bunch of Mantra demons came through here on their way to fight Nihilo. 
Phew!! I'm sooooo glad they didn't spot me! 
Shijima 
The commander of Nihilo is planning to create a world based on the Reason of Shijima. 
I think I like the idea 
The door is closed tight. 
The g-g-g-grim reaper! 
Up ahead! Up ahead! 
Is the reaper still there? 
The atmosphere around you has changed. 
The atmosphere around you has reverted back to normal. 
Halt! 
I am the guardian of this building. 
Thou shalt not pass this area. 
By my sword of flames, thy body shall be reduced to ashes! 
You made it this far without dying 
I praise you. I haven't had such fun hunt in quite a while. 
But, I cannot let you go any further. 
The Magatsuhi in this building is already ours. 
All we have to do now is summon our god, and we will receive the Reason of Shijima! 
I will not allow you to meddle with our commander. 
I, Mada, will personally hand you a ticket to hell! 
It's a painting of a hallway. 
It's a painting of a door. 
It's a trick painting. 
It's a trick painting. 
You entered the painting. 
Mot's magic is coming undone. 
You can hear a voice 
You fell for my trap! 
Dumbass! Get outta here! 
Hahahaha! Dumbass! 
My traps are everywhere! 
You can hear a voice 
Thou hast fallen prey to mine art! 
Thou hast fallen prey to mine art! 
You can hear a voice 
With my power, thy path hath been closed! 
You can hear a voice 
With my power, thy path hath been closed! 
You can hear a voice 
Truth and falsity are but light and darkness. 
Dost thou have the capacity to find my true self? 
Thou shan't escape from this labyrinth, lest thou seest the truth! 
Fool! 
The truth lies not there! 
Curse thee 
Curse thee, knave! 
I shall smite thee down myself! 
Our world of Shijima draws nigh! 
It's just a statue. 
It's a statue. 
The statue disappeared. 
You took damage. 
You can hear a voice 
With my power, thy path hath been closed! 
No one is here. 
debug 
blah 
O Demi-fiend Thou hast set foot into my chamber of judgement. 
I am the arbiter who enforces the law known as the Prophecy of Miroku. 
, I shall hereby prosecute thee! 
Just as the prophecy says, Reasons are appearing and this Vortex World is nearing the time of creation. 
A new world shall be created, no matter which Reason prevails 'Tis a joyous occasion! 
But, darest thou, a demon, attempt to create the new world? 
It is forbidden! Demons shan't create the world! 
! It is my duty to ask thee questions to test thine alignment. 
, dost thou accept that thou art a demon? 
Of course I'm a demon. 
, dost thou accept that thy heart is demonic? 
Demon to the bone. 
Finally, allow me to ask thee, demon. 
Dost thou swear not to take part in the creation? 
I wouldn't dream of it. 
Good, now look at me-- 
What's this!? Such a vexing light in thine eyes! 
Thou hast hatred toward the world! 'Tis true! Thou art the bane of creation! 
Infidel! This cannot be forgiven! I shall stamp thee out of existence! 
'Tis true that thou art the bane of creation 
Infidel! This cannot be forgiven! I shall stamp thee out of existence! 
O Kagutsuchi Hath the destroyer appeared? Or is he? 
You can hear a voice. 
O lost one. 
I warn thee, leave this place at once. 
This edifice of Magatsuhi is in Nihilo's possession 
Our god shall soon descend upon us, and we shall acquire our Reason. 
Leavest not, and thy life shall be the price. 
Begone, lost sheep! 
You cannot hear the voice anymore. 
Hmmm He beat Surt That kid's not bad. 
Looks like this might turn out to be interesting after all 
I think I'll play around with him! 
Curses! 
Not only Surt, but Mada as well 
Be it so, he shan't travel far! 
With my magic, he shall forever wander these halls! 
Yes. 
There is a Mystical Chest. 
Yes. 
You see a Cache Cube. 
Yes. 
It's empty. 
It's a trap. 
It's empty. 
found something. 
It can't be used here. 
Select a floor. 
The door is locked from the other side. 
The door is locked. 
Yes. 
You unlocked the door. 
You sense a strong power from beyond the door. 
The door is closed tight. 
There is a statue. 
Commander Hikawa is on the top floor, summoning his god. 
Finally Finally, the Reason of Shijima will be conceived! 
The Reason of Shijima has finally been conceived 
What's going on!? 
The Nihilo demons suddenly arrived, and now the halls are all messed up! 
It's okay to go this way, right? It's not a picture, is it? 
The Nihilo are nothing but a bunch of rude demons! How dare they play around with me! 
We're still okay if Hikawa conceives his Reason, right? Right??? 
Oh, what to do? Yosuga? Maybe Musubi? 
You see that elevator over there? 
Hikawa and another woman took that to the top. 
W-What kind of world is Hikawa planning to create? 
W-What kind of world is Hikawa planning to create? 
The truth. 
If you don't have the eyes to tell the truth from the lies, you'll be tricked over and over. 
Beyond the truth waits the demon in charge of this place. 
That's why I pick the lies 
I guess I'm saved. 
I-I-I'll give you that treasure! 
So, please don't eat me! 
Yosuga and Musubi have already begun the final steps toward creation. 
But, there is nothing to worry about. 
We will soon receive our Reason of Shijima. 
The moment is near 
Yosuga Musubi and Shijima Which will prevail? 
The moment of decision is near 
Hey, let me out of here! 
I'll be free if the demon here is defeated, so someone beat him! 
I don't care if only one type of attack works! Just try everything, dammit! 
Geez, that Hikawa is nothing but trouble! 
You see the grave of Masakado. 
Make it so . 
The began to shine! 
You are surrounded by a bright light 
Yes. 
Yes. 
There is a Mystical Chest. 
Yes. 
You see a Cache Cube. 
Yes. 
It's empty. 
It's a trap. 
It's empty. 
found something. 
It can't be used here. 
Select a floor. 
Long ago, there was a hero who fought against the tides of time in pursuit of a better world. 
His name was Lord Masakado Taira. 
He's probably watching over us, even now 
This is the Fountain of Life, where the wounded find refuge 
Welcome to the Fountain of Life 
Your name has reached my humble ears I will assist you to the best of my ability. 
Welcome to the Fountain of Life 
I know your story, and I know that within you lies a tremendous power 
Please allow me to release whatever power I may. 
's stats increased. 
Oh There is still power inside you which has yet to be set free. 
I will try to release it. 
All of the power that lay dormant inside you has now been unleashed. 
Though I know not what you have endured, it is your past experiences which are the source of your untapped power. 
I hope your new found strength serves you well 
Kagutsuchi lost its light 
by the hand of a demon. 
The world will never be born again. 
Creation is no longer possible. 
Be born, 
grow, 
die, 
and be born again 
That was the way of the world. 
One demon has changed that. 
A world is created, 
populated by mankind, 
and destroyed 
This cycle is what maintains the flow of time; when the cycle stops, so does time. 
And now, time has met her death. 
In place of the creation of the new world, 
a new power of darkness emerged reigning over chaos, heaping death upon death. 
You must no longer have any notion 
of where your strength will lead you. 
The Great Will shall curse you for going against his way, 
and place a heavy burden of atonement on your shoulders, which you shall bear for all eternity. 
Fear not, 
for only by receiving that curse can you truly walk the path of conquest. 
But first, I must know the extent of the power of darkness you hold within. 
Behold the supreme power of darkness, created by none other than the Great Will himself 
I see that you have braved the Labyrinth of Amala and returned several candelabra. 
I am confident that you will recover the remaining candelabra too. 
You must be cautious, though. 
The Fiends that stole the candelabra are unique and powerful demons. 
Now that I think about it, 
this all started because of one man who caused the Conception in the previous world. 
The Conception Because of it, the Vortex World was born. 
Kagutsuchi the source of light and power for this world 
You who once lived as a human must be wandering this world without any understanding. 
To show you my appreciation for returning the candelabra, 
I would like to share with you my knowledge on the Vortex World and Kagutsuchi. 
Kagutsuchi It is the light whose sole purpose is to empower the one who will oversee creation. 
Creation is the act of bringing a new world into existence, made possible by the annihilation of the old world. 
Kagutsuchi will allow a life form of its choosing to determine the course of the new world. 
There must be those in Tokyo who yearn to be chosen by Kagutsuchi, in order to realize their vision. 
The shape of the world to come depends on who is chosen 
and what their Reason is. 
In the vast Amala Universe, this Vortex World is not the only place where creation occurs. 
Kagutsuchi rises, matures, and falls in countless other places. 
There are millions--no, billions of worlds that you are unaware of, and they all experience the cycle of death and rebirth. 
That is the way of Amala, as determined by the Great Will. 
With my master, I have watched how myriads of worlds came into being, how life prospered in those worlds, 
and how they were destroyed in the end 
all that time, seeking the answer to the unanswerable question, Why is a world reborn? 
But now 
We may be on the verge of finding the answer 
and it is your actions which hold the key. 
Please retrieve the remaining candelabra as soon as possible, and then come see my master. 
My master has high hopes for you. 
The fallen angel has bestowed upon you great strength. Do not lose your life and let this gift be in vain. 
! You did it! 
I could tell from here that the flow of Magatsuhi had returned to normal. 
Well, with this blow to Nihilo, Hikawa won't be able to make his move for a while. 
I think we can take a little breather. 
But, how did you stop the Nightmare System? Wasn't that Maiden operating it? 
I saved her. 
So, Hikawa was using her, huh? 
Who knows what she'll do now, but at least the Nightmare System is dead. 
I see 
She might have been one of the few surviving humans, but I guess you had no choice 
Oh, you're not gonna tell me? 
Does it bother you that much? 
If so, then I'll stop asking. I'm satisfied knowing that the Nightmare System is out of commission. 
Oh yeah. It might seem like I'm making you do all the work, but 
I'm doing what I can. Let me share with you what I've found out so far, okay? 
Sure. 
Alright, listen up. 
Come on, man. Journalism is pointless without an audience. 
I don't care if you're interested or not, just listen. 
To create a new world, you must have a strong idea of what kind of world you want to create. 
This idea is commonly referred to as a Reason. 
Now, to acquire a Reason, you must receive divine protection from a god, 
and this is where the Magatsuhi comes into play. 
You need a large quantity of Magatsuhi in order to summon a god. 
That's why Hikawa, a human, was collecting Magatsuhi. 
Oh, I almost forgot. I met a human inside the Amala Network just a minute ago. 
It was a guy who was held captive by the Mantra. His name's . Do you know him? 
Yes, I know him. 
Yeah, that's what I thought. 
Really? 
There was a rumor that you were trying to help him, but Oh well. 
He actually seemed to be doing okay in Amala. 
If you're unlucky, you can get swept away somewhere, or even worse, you can end up being absorbed by the network. 
Well, in a world like this 
one life doesn't amount to much, and you're better off not getting involved. 
But if you want, I can send you to where I met . 
Dummy event for checking; terminal menu will be displayed in the actual game. 
Yes. 
No problem. I'll start right away. 
Too bad, not gonna happen. It ends right here cuz it's a dummy event. 
Let me know if you change your mind. 
Do you want me to transfer you to where is? 
Yeah, can you? 
No problem. 
Just give me a second 
Okay, I'm ready. 
Here we go. 
not to spend too much time in there. 
Just let me know when you're ready. 
It was a little confusing, wasn't it? No big deal. 
To create a new world, you must have a strong idea of what kind of world you want to create. 
This idea is commonly referred to as a Reason. 
Now, to acquire a Reason, you must receive divine protection from a god, 
and this is where the Magatsuhi comes into play. 
You need a large quantity of Magatsuhi in order to summon a god. 
That's why Hikawa, a human, was collecting Magatsuhi. 
Well, there you go. 
Haha! We meet again, ! 
It is the will of the candelabra 
Longing for but a single owner, they call out to each other and bring us together! 
If you can defeat all the Fiends and reunite the candelabra, then so you should! 
But, if you lack the strength to do so 
then you will fall by my arrow! 
(dead phrase) 
obtained the . 
, you finally made it. 
You know, this hospital It's a little strange. 
There's nobody here. Not a single person. 
Look, even the reception desk is empty. 
is looking for Ms. right now. 
He hasn't come back yet, though. He'd better not be off fooling around. 
Isn't it creepy here? I don't like it 
Hey, what's that magazine? 
Some guy gave it to me. 
You got it from a stranger? 
Come on, you should know better than that. 
Knowing your taste, it probably wouldn't interest me. 
Ayakashi Monthly I've never heard of it before. 
What!? It's an occult magazine! Why would you bring something like THAT here!? 
Well, I guess it might help me kill some time. 
, can you go look for ? 
, then I don't wanna stay here another minute. 
He should be on the second floor, where the patients' rooms are. 
I'll wait here. Oh yeah, let me borrow this magazine. 
Thanks! 
left 
A ceremony is being prepared. It seems fishy 
A ceremony is about to start. It seems very fishy indeed 
You have no business here. 
Dammit! Dammit! Dammit! 
Screw everyone for making fun of us just because we're Manikins! 
We're gonna summon a magnificent demon, then give 'em the beating of their lives! 
Right on! It's payback time! 
Hurry up and summon that magnificent demon! 
Summon the magnificent ! This is going to be sooo sweet!! 
*chuckle* As I haaaad been saying, it's not time yet. 
Mara is a magnificent demon 
If we summon him at the wrong time, something baaaad may happen. 
Quit your stallin'! 
We can't let anyone who's made fun of us live any longer than they absolutely have to! 
That's right, Mr. Baphomet. Just like the guy on the right said! 
You there! You tell him, too! 
Tell him to summon Mara and make our lives a little easier! 
Hurry it up. 
*chuckle* The demon boy is right. We shouldn't daaaash into things! 
Hey! Don't tell him that! Get outta here! 
Ah! You're back! 
Are you here to tell him to hurry up and summon Mara??? 
See?! He thinks so too! 
Now, hurry up and summon Mara! 
*chuckle* 
Have it your way! Not my fault if something baaaad happens, okay? 
Baphomet begins to chant 
Awaken, o mighty one Hear my words 
Come forth from the depths of shadow 
And submit to my will! 
UghG-g-geee 
*chuckle* 
Well! In my rush, I have summoned Mara the Magnificent in an incomplete body of a slime. 
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Run away!!!! 
BlargBlug You 
BlahB-Bluh HowBlorg 
Howdareyou! 
Baphomet and the Manikins ran away. 
Something is on the ground 
Hey, wait a sec! 
You promised to take me to Yoyogi Park! 
This is Shibuya! S-H-I-B-U-Y-A!! Let's turn around. 
Hey! 
Don't bug me when I'm dancing! Don't you know a dancing queen when you see one!? 
I hear that the demons are burning with passion for the creation 
But I'm burning with passion for dancing! 
I heard some guys were trying to have a ceremony every time that weird Kagutsuchi's full. 
They kept saying, We'll summon a magnificent demon. Sounds fishy. 
Who're you? 
You again? 
What!? 
Do you know about the ultimate Magatama? 
I'm totally outta the closet, so I'm into all kinds of jewels. 
The man at the Cathedral of Shadows is hiding something 
Kagutsuchi's burning 
are? 
They have some pretty good stuff in them! 
But, if you're unlucky, the contents will change. 
I wonder if there's a way to get the good stuff all the time 
I hear that there's an item that'll never run out no matter how many times you use it 
There's a temple to the north of Ueno that's sealed up, 
and I heard that Bishamon is the one responsible for it. 
There's a human involved with the organization in Ginza. 
It seems that the Mantra's in trouble. 
It's dangerous to go to the Cathedral of Shadows when you're cursed. 
Darkness has an effect on things. 
I heard there's a demon calling himself the 'Emperor' at Kabukicho. 
You can overhear the souls' conversation 
saying that it'll create a new world. 
Huh? Create a new world?? I'm scared! 
The girl you were talking to looked pretty depressed I wonder if she's okay. 
I hear it's good to fuse Mitama with demons! 
That's what the guy at Rag's said. 
I heard there's something merciless going down at Minafushiro. 
Seems that a human girl's involved. Could it be the one you talked to way back then? 
! ! 
! ! ! 
! !!! 
The DJ is totally into it. 
! ! ! ! 
!! !! 
!!!!!!!! 
The DJ is going full blast. 
The flames of the Candelabrum of Sovereignty are flickering wildly 
You can feel the presence of a terrifying demon 
Yes. 
Are you sure? 
It looks like you'll be able to get away. 
It looks like you won't be able to escape 
I know you have a candelabrum! 
The flames of the candelabrum are burning passionately! You won't escape! 
Yes. 
There is a Mystical Chest. 
Yes. 
You see a Cache Cube. 
Yes. 
It's empty. 
It's a trap. 
It's empty. 
found something. 
It can't be used here. 
Select a floor. 
There are two underground plazas in this city. 
There's one with shops, and one with a club. 
For shops, I recommend the . They have creepy ceremonies there. 
The tower coming from Kagutsuchi made a direct hit on the Obelisk! 
This is Shibuya, the city of the free. 
The other cities battle it out because of disagreements, but everyone here's laid-back. 
Kagutsuchi, huh? Amazing. 
You can hear sounds coming from inside the room. 
Yes. 
The only currency in this world is . 
Demons and shady stores may ask for gems, but it all comes down to Macca. 
You can buy anything with Macca! 
There's bad stuff going down in other cities 
At the very least, I'd like to have some leisure time to enjoy shopping! 
Hey, have you heard? 
In , there's a group saying that they'll make a new world. 
If you wanna know what's going on in Tokyo, check out the . 
Head down there if you want the latest scoop! 
Information is perishable. 
Make sure you don't let any slip by you at the club or the lounge in Ginza. 
The trick is to visit often. 
Yo, homey! 
The club's up ahead. 
Hey! 
What were ya talkin' about with that human? 
I know the name of the organization in Ginza, meow! 
Meow! I have an idea! If you do something naughty with me, I'll tell you the name! 
Sounds purrrfect. 
Meow, wonderful! 
Rrreow! You scaredy-cat! 
Meow! Meow! That was terrific! Now, I need to keep my end of the bargain. 
I believe the name is the . 
The organization in Ginza is called the . 
Hey, you. 
You livin' out your devil life to the fullest? How 'bout a drink? 
Bottoms up. 
Tsk, tsk, tsk. Still a kid 
!! 
Not bad, man. 
Hey, you. 
You livin' out your devil life to the fullest? 
We demons tend to wage wars with each other for Magatsuhi. 
That goes double when our principles differ. 
Magatsuhi has the power to grant any wish you want! 
Like, I wanna be stronger, or I wanna be popular. Well, it grants most wishes 
Anyway, everyone wants it. 
I hear the organization in Ginza has a very clever leader. 
Plus he's a human! 
Demons eat us to gain Magatsuhi. 
I can't stand that! 
He's late 
Where's that Forneus!? 
He's still not here 
Hey, you over there! Have you seen Forneus??? 
I saw him alright. 
Liar 
It was stupid to even ask you. 
Now, where's that Forneus? 
Well, of course a dork like YOU wouldn't know. 
Now, where's that Forneus? 
Something's wrong 
Could it be? Might someone have bumped off Forneus? 
Hey, you over there! Do you know if Forneus is okay? 
I know. 
What!? 
Suuuuuure! A wimpy little nerd like you beating him up 
Now! Where's that Forneus? 
The tower stretched out from Kagutsuchi 
The time has finally come for one Reason to be chosen to carry out the creation. 
And Forneus never did come. 
Hey You talkin' to me? 
Yeah, I think I am. 
Better not be. 
Welcome to Kick-Ass Deli, punk! Try my knuckle sandwich!! 
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry! 
I'll offer you some juicy information, so please forgive me 
There's a human girl at the club downstairs. 
Let me call you Boss! 
You're going to the Tower of Kagutsuchi, Boss? 
Come on, you're so modest! 
Well, you'll be at the top in no time, Boss. 
Come on, you even beat me! 
What's going on here? 
First it was a human girl, and now it's a new demon. What next!? 
Ugh 
I was almost eaten by a demon at the club 
Ew!!! 
You're a demon, too! Go eat something else for your snack! 
You've got some tight tats! 
You're gonna climb the Tower of Kagutsuchi? 
Well, make the world a fun one! 
So, those tatoos are just there to make you look tough? 
suddenly appeared at the terminal. 
He's still snooping around there yelling, I've got it! every so often. What's he got? 
WE DEMONS ARE AFFECTED BY KAGUTSUCHI. 
WHEN IT'S FULL, WE BECOME AGITATED AND CANNOT SPEAK WELL. 
WE ALSO BECOME AGGRESSIVE AND PREVENT ENEMIES FROM ESCAPING. 
IT'S DANGEROUS WHEN KAGUTSUCHI IS BRIGHTEST. REMEMBER THAT OR ELSE. 
Teenagers these days They've got strange names for just about everything 
Take that dance hall, for example. What do they call it? A club? 
They seem to be busy. 
There's a human involved with the organization in Ginza. 
You can overhear the souls' conversation 
, there's a group saying that they'll make a new world. 
Create a new world? Sounds scary! 
Hey! 
Don't bother me when I'm dancing! 
Who're you? 
! ! 
! ! ! 
! !!! 
The DJ is totally into it. 
! ! ! ! 
!! !! 
!!!!!!!! 
The DJ is going full blast. 
are? 
They have some pretty good stuff in them! 
But, if you're unlucky, the contents will change. 
I wonder if there's a way to get the good stuff all the time 
The tall building up ahead is the of the Mantra. 
You shouldn't go near it. 
Being a demon must be hard. 
Living and dying must be hard, too 
It was a breach of the weapons prohibition. 
It was a foreigner. 
Hey, you! Yeah, you! I've never seen you before! 
Are you here knowing that this is , home of the Mantra? 
Of course I did. 
Whoa! You've got some balls! 
But, that just ain't gonna cut it! 
Guts don't mean shit if you ain't got the power to back it up! 
Then, get outta here! 
You again!? 
You wanna piece of me?! 
Yes. 
Then, get lost! 
The demons suddenly attacked! 
Power is everything! 
You need to be able to handle everything on your own. Don't you agree? 
Absolutely. 
You know your shit, buddy!! 
You look weak, but you'd make a great addition to the Mantra with that kinda attitude! 
Power is everything! 
Don't forget that. 
WHAT???? 
If you weren't a demon, I'd squeeze the Magatsuhi outta you!! 
Power is everything! 
You need to be able to handle everything on your own. Remember that! 
Make up your mind 
Everyone went to attack Nihilo. 
But, there's still a strong demon in the . 
Was there a demon this strong in our army? 
If you have some time, check and see who it is. 
The demon with the strong aura seems to have disappeared! 
I'm still wonderin' who the hell he was. 
What the hell's happening? It's pretty damn loud over at our headquarters. 
We didn't lose, did we? 
I can't believe it. Gozu-Tennoh's 
I hear Kabukicho's done for 
That's what the Manikins told me before leaving. 
Well, I'll do what I want. 
Our old headquarters' been bustling with activity lately. 
A human guy was here, too. 
! 
She's inherited Gozu-Tennoh's power. 
It's time to rock! 
Ha! 
You lucked out, fool. I can't believe Thor approved your release 
Now, get lost! 
Oh, yeah. 
Thor says that you've proved your strength. 
You're free to enter our headquarters anytime. 
That really pisses me off! 
The flames of the Candelabrum of Sovereignty are flickering wildly 
You can feel the presence of a terrifying demon 
Yes. 
Are you sure? 
It looks like you'll be able to get away. 
It looks like you won't be able to escape 
I know you have a candelabrum! 
The flames of the candelabrum burn passionately! You won't escape! 
Yes. 
There is a Mystical Chest. 
Yes. 
You see a Cache Cube. 
Yes. 
It's empty. 
It's a trap. 
It's empty. 
found something. 
It can't be used here. 
Select a floor. 
Yes. 
You can hear a voice coming from inside 
What the hell?! 
I didn't do anything 
You cannot hear the voice anymore. 
Hey, you! Yeah, you! I've never seen you before! 
Are you here knowing that this is , home of the Mantra? 
Of course I did. 
Whoa! You've got some balls! 
But, that just ain't gonna cut it! 
Guts don't mean shit, if you ain't got the power to back it up! 
Then, get outta here! 
You again!? 
You wanna piece of me?! 
Yes. 
Then, get lost! 
We are the strong! What's wrong with enslaving weak Manikins!? 
Hyahahahahaha! Might makes right! 
It's finally time for war! 
Hyahahahahaha! 
I heard Gozu-Tennoh's screwed! 
Dammit! I'm screwed too! 
The Manikins won't turn against me, will they!? 
We're oppressed! We're worked to death! 
Woe is me! Life's too short 
Um, are we being oppressed? 
Something seems different 
We're being oppressed, so please save Futomimi. 
Then, our oppression will end. I think. 
You can enter the headquarters from here in the main hall. 
But, if you get too close, you'll be arrested. 
It's noisy for some reason Are the Mantra going down? 
If you feel like it, save Futomimi. 
The Mantra squeeze Magatsuhi from us! 
At Kabukicho Prison, they squeeze every last ounce of Magatsuhi out of us Manikins. 
The prophet Futomimi is there. 
NiHIlo iS bAd! NIHiLo IS tRaSH! 
I eAT thEM aLL! 
FIenDs aRe baD! FiEnds ARe trASH! 
CaN I eAt thEm aLL? 
The Nihilo demons are 
They're just whimpering dogs! 
Those pathetic puppets! 
The demons called Fiends 
They hang around looking tough, but 
They scare me! 
Gozu-Tennoh gave us demons power! 
And he's got lots of it, that's for sure. 
Hey You're that demon that won the trial! 
Then, you must've gotten power from Gozu-Tennoh, huh? 
Isn't that power the shits? 
Yeah, huh? 
Then go attack Nihilo to show off your new power! 
The other demons already left. 
It's not? 
Well, don't sweat it. 
The other demons went to attack the Assembly of Nihilo. 
You go do the same and relieve some of that stress! 
No one's coming back 
Are the Mantra Is Gozu-Tennoh's rule over? 
Soon, a new leader will be born 
Heheheh I'm glad I stayed here. 
Yosuga, huh? 
Not bad 
I saw a human boy enter the Mantra's headquarters. 
I heard that a human boy is locked away somewhere in the headquarters. 
I heard that everyone locked away in the Mantra's headquarters escaped. 
Another oppression begins. 
The Mantra is run by Gozu-Tennoh's right-hand man, named . 
Thanks to him, the Mantra finally look like an organization. 
It's all over for the Mantra. 
Did you know? 
There's a rumor going around that Gozu-Tennoh's regaining strength. 
In the world of Yosuga, only the chosen can survive 
Uh-oh I'll be picked, right? 
The Mantra are real different from the demons of Nihilo. 
They're a group of ruffians that have nothing but brawn. 
Their boss is Gozu-Tennoh. He's in the headquarters. 
Gozu-Tennoh lost, I heard. 
Because of that, the guards at Kabukicho Prison are running wild. 
I hear that the Manikin prophet has escaped from Kabukicho. 
They say he's going to make a new city. 
It's going to become busy again 
I've come here to join the Mantra, so that I can become just like the great King, hee ho! 
But, I'm too scared to go in, hee ho! The fire's hot, too 
The Mantra demons rampage about, doing whatever their instincts tell them to. 
I'm jealous. 
A man in red was looking around here for someone. 
He was looking for a demon named . 
Do you know anything? 
You're pretty stylish. 
Hey, boy 
We're not as easy as Nihilo, so you better watch your back! 
We got ourselves a sucker. 
Let's take everything he gots. 
Huh? 
Whatcha talkin' to me for? You want the Magatsuhi beaten outta ya? 
Crap. You're a demon. 
Can't get Magatsuhi from demons. You lucked out, punk!! 
The Mantra have a facility for draining Magatsuhi from Manikins. 
A lot of my friends are being drained right now. 
Futomimi is a prophet. He guides us with his prophecies. 
So, let's hurry up and save them. 
They get angry at me if I'm talking, so please don't talk to me! 
in the Mantra. 
But, they made Thor angry and were kicked out. 
I hear they've become thieves! Those four were real strong. Ever heard of them? 
If Yosuga was to create the world 
I'd be the first to go. 
Did you come here from the Great Underpass? 
Yes. 
Ah 
Is the hideout still okay? 
How'd you get here, then? 
I help the junk-collecting Manikin a lot. 
Soon, Gozu-Tennoh will order us to attack the Assembly of Nihilo. 
I can't wait! 
Argh, why did it have to be me!? Anyone else could be guard! 
What, we lost!? 
I'm outta here! 
I messed up and got caught. They dragged me out of the Great Underpass. 
Now that the Mantra demons are gone, this place feels like home. 
The Mantra demons are gone, but the Yosuga demons are now here 
It still feels like home, though. 
The door is closed tight. 
I only win Life Stones with the junk shop's . 
I don't need stupid Life Stones, I want that! You know, that! 
Geez! I still haven't won it! 
I only win stupid Life Stones with the junk shop's ! 
Unlucky Tickets is more like it! 
I hear that Nihilo has a demon that gains experience without ever fighting. 
That's some skill those Nihilo demons have. 
There's a demon with a skill that allows it to gain experience without fighting. 
You know anything about it? 
What a filthy city 
When Yosuga takes over the world, cleaning the city should be top priority 
The creation of the world of Yosuga is at hand. 
There is nothing to worry about 
hanging around the east branch. 
Is he preparing a late service for all the Manikins? 
Hey, what's going on with this city!? 
First that conceited jerk, and now an ! 
What's going on!? Something's up! 
Go home! 
Yurakucho Station. 
The entrance is closed tight. 
Everything from here on is under the Assembly of Nihilo's direct control! 
I can't let a suspicious demon, like you, through here! 
So, get outta here, right now! 
It's dangerous 'round these parts! 
There're nothin' but strong demons from here on out. And I mean, strong demons!! 
They'll mop the floor with a weak demon, like you 
And I mean, mop the floor!! 
I know you! 
You're that kid who fought it out with the Nihilo, right? 
That's incredible!! A runt, like you, beating them!! 
The Assembly of Nihilo. 
The door is tightly locked. 
The Assembly of Nihilo. Second Entrance. 
The door is tightly locked. 
Yes. 
There is a Mystical Chest. 
Yes. 
You see a Cache Cube. 
Yes. 
It's empty. 
It's a trap. 
It's empty. 
found something. 
It can't be used here. 
Select a floor. 
Do you see the other Assembly of Nihilo building across the railroad tracks? 
It doesn't look like the Mantra attacked that one. 
The demons of Nihilo have returned to Ginza. 
It looks like the new world will finally be made. 
What kind of world are you hoping for? 
See that building that's eating up the Magatsuhi of Tokyo? 
That's the Assembly of Nihilo. 
The Mantra attacked the Assembly of Nihilo. 
Is this the end of Nihilo? 
What's going on? Didn't the Mantra win??? 
I heard that a bunch of Magatsuhi was sucked up from Ikebukuro!! 
The Assembly of Nihilo sure is quiet 
The Nihilo demons were all worked up! 
They were saying something about how 'now is the time for creation'! Weird, huh? 
Madame Nyx at the bar in Ginza? 
Yes. 
She's so nice, listening to everyone's worries! 
She's helped me out so many times when I was in trouble. Her advice is priceless! 
She may technically be a demon But she's real nice and will listen to your worries! 
You should see her whenever you're troubled. 
There's a place to get into the Great Underpass of Ginza somewhere around here 
Hmmm I guess it's not that easy to find 
Demons with the skill can can supposedly find stuff by just walking around outside. 
So, I was trying to do that. I mean, I could use the treasure! But, I guess it's not working 
Hey, hey! There's a bunch of dangerous demons on the other end of the highway! 
This region is Nihilo's top priority. 
The security here is super-tight. 
There's an NPC in the other room. 
Erase. 
You can sense a strong power from the end of the hall. 
I didn't imagine that we would meet here 
Neither did I imagine that you would become this strong 
But in your case, I should have expected the unexpected. 
Do you remember me? 
I remember you 
I am Thor. Our paths have not crossed since the fall of the Mantra. 
It seems that you are a follower of Yosuga. 
I am one as well. 
If the situation were different, we could have created a new world together 
But, our battle is still unfinished. 
As believers of Yosuga, let us decide who the strongest is! 
Come on! 
Well done. 
That power That sheer will is truly worthy of Yosuga. 
I am your witness. 
It is my honor to die by your hands 
Farewell. I hereby pledge to lend you my power 
And if you call I will rise from the depths of hell to assist you 
I entrust you with the world of Yosuga! 
Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhh!! 
It seems that you and I have different objectives in climbing this tower 
As a follower of Yosuga, I must annihilate you! 
The world of Yosuga shall be built upon your lifeless body! 
Prepare to meet your doom! 
How can this be!? 
My powers are no match for yours!? 
Even so! 
Lady will certainly build a strong world with the teachings of Yosuga as its basis. 
Even though I will die here, Yosuga is Y-Yosuga is 
Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhh!! 
you defeated Thor. 
I've decided to take a rest here. Why don't you rest here, too? 
It's dangerous from here on. 
Thou hast not the right to see me. 
Win all the Magatama and offer them to me. 
There is an altar. 
Offer me your Magatama 
There is an altar. 
A stone is already inserted. 
Earthstone. 
You offered the . 
You offered the . 
You offered the . 
You didn't offer anything. 
You threw all three Magatama in! 
You have proven yourself worthy. Come to me. 
Yes. 
Yes. 
There is a Mystical Chest. 
Yes. 
You see a Cache Cube. 
Yes. 
It's empty. 
It's a trap. 
It's empty. 
found something. 
It can't be used here. 
Select a floor. 
You sense a strong power from beyond the door. 
Yes. 
We've come pretty far up! 
We're all taking a rest now. We may be Manikins, but we're no dummies! 
There's a Mantra demon up ahead 
He might hit us with his hammer if we get near him. And I already have a pounding headache. 
Is the hammer demon gone? 
I'm tired of climbing 
With everyone here, this place reminds me of Asakusa! 
Oh, it's you again. 
I've decided to follow Futomimi's will and create a world of Manikins! 
So, I came all the way here, just to tell Kagutsuchi: Make it! 
But, there's a problem 
I can't think up a Reason! 
What's going on!? I'm back here again!? 
I'll never make it to Lady 's side at this rate! 
Let me check my map 
Did you know? 
There's an incredible treasure hidden in this tower that can manipulate life. 
After climbing steep paths, falling, scraping knees, finally 
Yeah, you climbed up this far; I guess you'd know already. 
I saw Kagutsuchi from the path straight up north. 
Hmph, how arrogant it looks 
is much more elegant. 
was much more elegant 
If it isn't the Demi-fiend 
We've been waiting for you, and that stone you have in your hands. 
Lady is waiting for you up ahead. Please go on through. 
If it isn't the Demi-fiend 
I'm surprised you have the nerve to even see us! 
Lady is up ahead. 
Yosuga shall take that stone you have in your hands. And your life. 
Please lead us to the world of Yosuga 
It It can't be 
Yosuga What will happen to Yosuga? 
Lady 
The top floor is up ahead. 
If you want to see Kagutsuchi, you need to offer the to it. 
The stones are proof of Reason, so each leader should be carrying them. 
The top floor is up ahead. 
If you're ready, go to the pedestal in front of the shrine. 
Hey Is that really you? 
I don't know what to say. You came here all by yourself, on foot!? 
You must've gained some incredible power! 
I came here a little while ago 
using this. 
Remember? You saw one just like it at the hospital. 
This isn't an ordinary piece of artwork. It's a truly amazing device. 
These are connected to each other by a strange passageway. 
Using that passageway-- the Amala Network-- you can send anything to a distant location instantly. 
So basically, I transported myself here from the hospital. 
I'm guessing that there are more of these devices in different locations, and that they form a huge transportation network. 
And most likely that network is connected to where Hikawa is. 
Hey, wanna work together? 
If we're gonna have any hope of getting out of this mess, then we've got to find Hikawa. 
I heard there's a group in Ginza that's vying for control of shaping this infant world, 
and its leader is a human. 
That leader's gotta be Hikawa. 
So 
I want you to try and find any information you can about that group. 
I'll use this device to send you to Ginza. 
Well, what do you say? 
It's definitely risky, but it's better than wandering around on your own. 
I'm gonna stay here for a while. 
Let me know when you decide what you want to do. 
But, keep this in mind. I have no idea what things will be like in Ginza now. 
If you do decide to go there, make sure you prepare yourself, alright? 
Test the transport function? 
Yes. 
Okay, here goes. 
If you change your mind, come back anytime. 
So, did you decide to enter the Amala Network? 
Yes. 
Alright. 
Once I send you, I'll head over to Ginza too. 
Until then stay alive. 
Good luck!! 
Tell me when you're ready. 
How arrogant You misunderstand your purpose 
Return to earth, mud dolls!! 
You're so weak, yet you struggle so hard to live. 
Dreaming a dream of power That's your sin. 
! 
If you don't stop this woman, we will be massacred! 
Good timing. I keep killing and killing, but there are so many of them. 
You would never partake in such a brutal act, would you? 
Your heart is unlike any demon's Is it not? 
I'm sure you'll agree 
that only the strong should be allowed to exist in this world. 
The weak provoke and mislead others because they can do nothing themselves. 
As long as we have to deal with this pettiness, it will be impossible to create a beautiful world. 
You understand what I'm saying, don't you? 
I see your point. 
You understand what I'm saying, don't you? 
You too? You will rob us of our dream? 
No matter how much you demons threaten me, I will not yield! 
I will fight till the end to win our freedom!! 
Oh. That's too bad. I thought you were different. 
Why were you given a demon's body? You don't know the answer yourself, do you? 
You're not needed anymore Goodbye. 
You don't comprehend the Reason of Yosuga. 
You let the weak deceive you, so you forfeit your right to inherit the world with the strong. 
Why were you given a demon's body? You don't know the answer yourself, do you? 
You're not needed anymore Goodbye. 
Who stirs the silence? Who opposes the coming of the kingdom of Shijima? 
It is you 
You have great strength. Your ideals, however, stand at odds with my own. 
Vile deceiver! I shall destroy you, and erase your despicable greed! 
Welcome 
You who possesses great strength and bears the Reason of Shijima 
I shall share with you the Reason of Shijima Let us enter the kingdom together. 
This stone I give to you as a token of our oath 
Use it to open the gate of our kingdom. 
Now, go. It is your fate to unleash the power of creation 
Obliterate those who believe in Reasons other than our own, and pave the way for the kingdom of Shijima! 
, you made it. 
Sorry if I pressured you too much, but I managed to get here after all. 
It took a while, but I was finally able to pinpoint the route to this terminal. 
Not bad for an ordinary human, eh? 
Oh yeah, I found out something interesting about Asakusa. This is where the Manikins are created. 
They're made from the black mud that's scooped up from a river around here. 
No wonder they want to rebuild this town. 
Oh yeah, I found out something interesting about this place. It's where the Manikins are created. 
They're made from the black mud that's scooped up from a river around here. 
Quite a few of them returned here to Asakusa after the fall of the Mantra. 
I guess it's like coming home. 
Anyways, like I suspected, the terminal here isn't under Nihilo's surveillance. 
It's perfect for monitoring their activities and finding out about the Nightmare System. 
I just started investigating, so I need some time. 
It shouldn't take too long, though. 
Why don't you go look around for a while? 
So, while you were gone, I was working on that and 
Here, check this out. 
Hey, good timing. How was Asakusa? 
About the Nightmare System I've got good news. 
They say a picture is worth a thousand words 
so here, take a look. 
You see it? That's the in Chiyoda. 
The Nightmare System's inside it, along with all the Magatsuhi that's been collected. 
In other words, we've found Nihilo's current headquarters. 
The system is probably being operated by that woman they call the Maiden. 
I have no idea how it works, but we know it's dangerous. 
If I could, I'd go in there myself, but I'm just not strong enough. 
However, if no one does anything, Hikawa will take over the world for sure. 
I'm afraid I have to ask for your help again, . 
You must stop the Nightmare System inside the Obelisk, and return the flow of Magatsuhi in the Vortex World back to normal. 
the secondary entrance to Nihilo's old headquarters to reach the Obelisk. 
That entrance is locked right now, but I can take care of it. With this terminal, it'll be a piece of cake. 
The Obelisk looks pretty tall, and who knows what kind of demons are gonna be there. 
We don't know what kind of power this so-called Maiden has, either. 
It's not gonna be easy, that's for sure 
But, I know you can do it. 
Hey, don't rush me. You don't want me to miss something important, do ya? 
It's up to you to stop whatever's going on inside the Obelisk. 
Use the secondary entrance of Nihilo's headquarters in Ginza to make your way to the Obelisk. 
There is a large Rinzo. 
What do you want to do? 
Medical Center main terminal 
What do you want to do? 
Amala Network: Medical Center main terminal 
What do you want to do? 
Amala Network: Medical Center 5F sub-terminal 
What do you want to do? 
This is the main terminal. 
What do you want to do? 
Shinjuku main terminal 
What do you want to do? 
Medical Center East sub-terminal 
What do you want to do? 
It is my honor to tell you that my little master has shown an interest in you. 
Poor human, he wants to give you a special gift. 
It is vital that you receive this gift. 
Please do not move. 
It will only hurt for an instant 
This will make you a demon 
Hohohoho You worked so hard to get the Yahirono Himorogi, and you gave it away, just like that? 
I guess it's understandable, since your heart is set on chaos rather than creation 
But, there's one obstacle you've yet to overcome 
and that's me--the Mother Harlot, subjugator of the most fearsome beast. 
YOU WHO WERE ONCE HUMAN AND NOW POSSESS A DEMON'S BODY 
DO YOU WISH FOR A DEMON'S HEART, EVEN IF YOU WILL BE BOUND TO DESPAIR IN IMPENETRABLE DARKNESS? 
Yes. 
Then, show me the darkness within your heart 
by sacrificing your soul to me 
You're no longer human, but you refuse to become a demon 
Well, it doesn't matter much, since your life will end here 
Let's indulge ourselves 
in the ecstasy of death shall we? 
What's the matter, ? 
My master is resting right now. 
That's a very rare item that you have there. 
. It has the power to resurrect wandering souls. 
I thought it was still hidden in the Labyrinth of Amala 
A Manikin must have stolen it and fled, in hopes of returning to the Vortex World. 
Speaking of which, 
do you know how Manikins are born? 
They are originally fragments of human emotions 
that acquire physical form and become sentient. 
When the Conception took place, Tokyo was purged of humans. 
It was a necessary step toward the rebirth of the world 
But, even after they died, their souls lingered. And likewise their emotions. 
Weak emotions dissipated instantly, but strong ones remained 
Those emotions sought receptacles, and found refuge in the substance closest to life 
Earth. They merged with the earth and took shape one after another. 
For some, they became what they longed to be For others, a side of them that they abhored surfaced. 
Tokyo is currently in a state of transition, awaiting the day of creation. 
Of all the things in this world, some have ceased to exist, while others are adapting to the new world by changing form 
Human emotions became Manikins and inhabited the Vortex World. 
Creation is forbidden to them, and their very existence will be denied once the new world has been born, but 
Some Manikins have possessed exceptional strength. 
If you bring them back to life with the , 
they might join you and help you during your journey, even if it's only for a short while. 
It's worth a try. 
I think it's time for you to go back, . 
There are still things you have to do 
I saw what happened, Too bad got away. 
I'll go after him. You don't have to go inside Amala anymore. 
Sorry, but I can't help you right now. I need to concentrate on this. 
If there's somewhere you want to go, don't wait for me. If not, why don't you check out Asakusa? 
Who knows? You might find something new 
Sorry, but I can't help you right now. I need to concentrate on this. 
If there's somewhere you want to go, don't wait for me. If not, why don't you check out Asakusa? 
Which reminds me, lately I've heard talk about Futomimi. 
Are those Manikins up to something? 
Damn that kid What was he saying about being the master of Amala's power? 
That's it, playtime's over! I'm gonna kick you out of there, !! 
? Find anything interesting? 
I heard you can't get inside Mantra's headquarters right now. The Manikins are worried. 
Former members of Mantra could be involved, but most likely, they wouldn't try anything without a leader. 
Which reminds me, lately I've heard talk about Futomimi. 
Maybe those Manikins are up to something themselves 
, so don't worry. 
I'll track him down and kick him out of the network. 
I've got no updates on . Is he playing dead or what? 
Oh well, he'll give himself away eventually. 
In the meantime, why don't you go find out about Futomimi? 
. I can't believe what happened in Ikebukuro 
The return of Gozu-Tennoh I hope it won't create even bigger problems. 
I bet you're wondering how I know about it already. Well, nothing escapes me now. 
I can learn anything with the power of Amala, just by using this terminal 
For example, here's what's going on right now in the Vortex World: 
Hikawa is on his way to the Diet Building, in search of Magatsuhi. 
has inherited the power of Gozu-Tennoh. 
There's an abandoned temple where a ton of Magatsuhi lies forgotten. 
Manikins are gathered in Mifunashiro, their holy ground, demanding their own Reason. 
And 
That's all you really need to know right now. 
You see, no one knows more about the Vortex World than I do. 
That's why I should be the one creating the new world! 
Not Hikawa, or your teacher, or even you! 
I could truly change the world! Me, and me alone! 
Everything in existence! 
You're the one who should have stayed out, Hijiri. I warned you, too 
But, it's too late now. You can't escape my punishment 
! 
Damn it, you should be dead I won't let you have the power of Amala!! 
What!? He's pulling me in!! 
! 
Damn it, you should be dead I won't let you have the power of Amala!! 
UOOOOOOOHHH! 
Hijiri disappeared into the Amala Network. 
The terminal is still active. 
Yes. 
You used the terminal. 
You left the terminal alone. 
Oh I wasn't expecting you, . 
My master is resting right now. 
If you're here for information, I'd be glad to help you. 
Is there anything else you want to ask about, ? 
Alright. 
I'll try to help you as much as I can. 
So, what is it that you'd like to know about? 
Then, you should get going. 
I look forward to seeing you again 
I want to ask you about something. 
The Vortex World 
The Vortex World 
Okay 
Listen closely. 
Then, you should get going. 
I look forward to seeing you again 
What is it? 
You wanna know what games humans used to play? 
I already beat this game 
Well, you won't survive a minute. It's over before it even starts. 
If you can win, I'll give you an . 
Okay! Why don't you try? 
You're on! 
Oh, you're back. I don't have anything for you, but 
I'm not stopping you from playing. So, why don't you try? 
You don't have to go along with me, you know? Well, it's okay 
Well, I don't mind. 
You don't have to push yourself anyway 
You can come again, you know. 
Well, I've beaten it anyway. 
Ummm So 
I guess that means you beat it, right? 
Ugh 
That's fine. You can have this . 
Hey! No playing games right now! 
Mifunashiro is in danger! 
When the going gets tough, it's best to escape into the world of games 
The city is silent. 
I'm new here, so I don't know the details 
But, this place was bustling with Manikins just a short while back. 
I'm tired of it all! 
Futomimi is dead Creation of a new world by the Manikins is now impossible. 
About the old Manikin that was here 
Despite saying that he was tired of it all, he still went to the Tower of Kagutsuchi. 
Ah 
Having to live like this again *sigh* Life is short 
There's no response from the Manikin. 
The Manikins are falling apart, since the dream of their world and Futomimi are both gone. 
I'm not a Musubi, but I think they should've respected themselves more. 
The flames of the Candelabrum of Sovereignty are flickering wildly 
You can feel the presence of a terrifying demon 
Yes. 
Are you sure? 
It looks like you'll be able to get away. 
It looks like you won't be able to escape 
I know you have a candelabrum! 
The flames of the candelabrum burn passionately! You won't escape! 
Yes. 
There is a Mystical Chest. 
Yes. 
You see a Cache Cube. 
Yes. 
It's empty. 
It's a trap. 
It's empty. 
found something. 
It can't be used here. 
Select a floor. 
We're still restoring this area. 
It'll be a while before you'll be able to get through here. 
Come back later. 
We finally restored the area. Now, you can go and look around. 
It's full of demons, though. 
This city is pretty shabby. There are places we can't even get through. 
But, we'll clean it all up, because it's our city! 
We fixed up the area just past those doors! 
Use it if you're going to Ueno or the ! 
Welcome to Asakusa, the city of the Manikins. 
Ah, it has such a sweet ring to it. 
Welcome! This is Asakusa, the city of Manikins. 
*sigh* Finally, our creation will begin 
We're no longer the slaves we used to be. 
We're free! There's nothing that can hurt us now! 
The Mantra? We don't give a damn! 
We can't be weak forever! 
Now, it's our turn to enslave the demons! 
That's the mindset we need to be at. 
*gasp* I heard from an old friend! 
There's at the Great Underpass! 
It's a horrific demon on a red horse! 
But I'm in Asakusa, so why should I get all excited? 
!? 
Whoa! 
It's you! Do you remember me? 
How've you been? Alright? 
I see. You've been through a lot, haven't you? I'm not a demon, but I sort of understand 
Well, we're doing well living in Asakusa. 
I see, I see! 
We're doing well living in Asakusa. 
This is all thanks to Futomimi's leadership. 
Futomimi is in our holy land of . Go and see him. 
This is all thanks to Futomimi's leadership. 
Futomimi is at our holy land of . Go and see him. 
Futomimi is deep inside Mifunashiro, praying to see the future. 
Sometimes it takes awhile, sometimes it doesn't 
Is it impossible for us Manikins to participate in the creation? 
No, we have Futomimi! It must be possible! 
We'll make it A world without humans or demons--just Manikins! 
Our holy land, Mifunashiro, is just past here. 
If everyone's a Manikin, then everyone's friendly? 
It's great that we're free, but what do we do now? 
I'm not used to this. 
Uh Ugh 
It's Sa 
Th-That traitor, Sakahagi is going wild up ahead 
Uh Ugh 
Sakahagi left 
S-Sakahagi ruins our peace 
He's an evil Manikin 
You sense a strong power from beyond the door. 
If you go on further, you'll reach . 
It's a place not to be defiled by demons or humans. 
Phew!! So busy 
Oh! It's you! 
It's me, remember? Y'know, from the Underpass and the Prison Me! 
I was thinking of opening a store here--making use of all my experience. 
It's a mess now, so it'll be a while before I'll be able to open up. 
But, I'll hook you up, so come on by after I open! 
I'm going to start a store that sells a bunch of rare things. 
Come by once I open! 
The inner areas have been restored, I hear. We still have a ways to go, though. 
I want to open up soon. Well, better get back to work. 
Those days when I used to be tortured by the Mantra 
Oh, it felt sooooo good! 
A world full of peachy Manikins 
Isn't that just faaaaaaaaaabulous? 
What's wrong!? What happened!? Tell me, hun!! 
Things have been heating up in Ikebukuro lately. 
I heard someone saw by the building that used to be the Mantra's headquarters. 
Geez Everyone's so into this creation stuff. 
We finally restored the area, but it's filled with demons. 
Oh, well. 
Futomimi should be ready to give his prophecy at Mifunashiro. 
I think I'll go there. Are you going? 
Yoyogi Park's in danger, I hear. 
Are you going? 
You can get there by taking the path where the Collector Manikin opened his store. 
The evil power at Yoyogi Park was Sakahagi, and he's already been defeated, I hear. 
Thank goodness. 
The lounge in Ginza and the club in Shibuya are great places for info. 
You visiting them? 
There's a strange guy living in the terminal. You know him? 
Then, you should drop by once in a while, to check up on him. 
Take the advice of a long-time Asakusa resident! 
I see 
Well, I've been living here longer than he has. 
So, is that guy who lived at the Asakusa terminal doing okay? 
I see 
Well, tell him I said hi. 
I see. 
I guess it must be pretty rough. 
What? 
We believe in coexistence, so there's no violence here. 
Looks like something happened to the Manikins. 
Well, we don't really care. 
Yes. 
You're pretty adventurous, coming all this way. 
The northern part of the city is restored, and now you can go inside! 
But, we weren't the first ones here 
Well, we're still pumped up. I'm going to help restore the city, too. 
The Collector Manikin opened a store. 
He's got a lot of things, from side-effect drinks to insect-like things. 
It's up ahead on your left. 
The Collector Manikin opened a store. 
He's got a lot of things, from side-effect drinks to insect-like things. 
It's up ahead on your left. 
But, sometimes I feel a strange presence around there. 
It's kinda scary 
Welcome to the slums of Asakusa! 
No 
Futomimi 
Futomimi!! 
There is no response from the Manikin. 
We're working hard to restore the city, but there's a bad Manikin that's ruining our peace. 
He's ruthless, tearing off the skins of other Manikins. 
He might be around here, so be careful! 
We're working hard to restore the city, but there's a bad Manikin that's ruining our peace. 
His name's Sakahagi. 
He steals Magatsuhi from other Manikins and plans to rule other demons. What a dummy! 
I hear Sakahagi's dead. 
Hmph, serves him right! 
The Mantra has fallen and the damn Manikins have moved into town. 
There goes the neighborhood 
Nowadays, those damn Manikins are talking about creation 
Hope nothin' bad happens. 
There are demons in Mifunashiro! 
Those damn Manikins aren't all dead yet. 
There's still some 'round here. 
What!? What!? The Manikins sure are noisy! 
What!? What!? The Manikins sure are bustling! 
What!? What!? What's going on!? 
It's become quiet. 
Manikins were running about here, not long ago 
Now, demons are here instead. 
Is this the flow of time? 
Futomimi 
Mifunashiro's!! 
Shhh! 
Sakahagi'll find me! Go away! 
Is Sakahagi gone yet? 
Huh? Creation by Manikins? 
I'm scared of Sakahagi, so I'll stay like this for a while longer. 
Mifunashiro's!? 
I'm scared. 
Maybe lying here wasn't such a great idea. 
Looking just at Asakusa, it's heartwarming to see the Manikins restore the town 
But, looking at Tokyo as a whole, we see Nihilo taking over, and that's no laughing matter. 
Nihilo has no rival. Are we just going to sit here, watching Hikawa make his world of stillness? 
Nihilo's Nightmare System is at a standstill. 
Strange things are happening at Ikebukuro and the Amala Network. 
Now, what's going to happen? 
They've begun 
Yosuga, that is. 
The Manikins have retired from the race. 
Yosuga, Shijima, Musubi 
These three are all competing for the right of creation. 
I don't know who you're for, and I don't want to know. 
But, the time is nearing. 
I heard there was a human girl hanging around the Mantra's headquarters when they fell. 
She must have some guts. 
Something's happening at Ikebukuro. 
Could it be the human girl who witnessed the fall of the Mantra!? 
Just kidding!!!! Did you fall for that? 
A demon girl is attacking Mifunashiro! 
It really was the Ikebukuro girl 
Yosuga, was it? The Ikebukuro girl's Reason. 
I like it. I mean, why do I have to live with all these losers? 
The Maiden was Nihilo's key to destroying the Mantra. 
What was it? The 'Nightmare System'? 
The Nightmare System was put to a halt by someone. 
Isn't this bad for Nihilo? 
The Yosuga are the ones attacking Mifunashiro. 
They're probably after all the Magatsuhi the Manikins have been storing. 
The Manikins were wiped out 
I don't like the idea of a world controlled by power. 
Living here, I've realized that Nihilo's Reason of Shijima is the best. No more fighting, please. 
Futomimi is meditating at Mifunashiro. 
He sees the future by meditating. 
Why 
Why are we? 
I wonder 
What happened to the human boy at the Mantra's jail? Did he escape? 
That hat bugs me. 
There's evil power at Yoyogi Park, I hear. 
But, we worked together to build this city. 
We'll beat down that evil power! 
Hmmm 
Was the evil power of Yoyogi really Sakahagi? 
Why doesn't Futomimi say, The evil power is gone? Sakahagi's dead! 
Hmmm 
'Evil power' 
It's him. Definitely him. 
The evil power of Yoyogi was Sakahagi. 
But, he's dead, so I could care less now. 
The's a temple on the north side of Ueno. 
But, you can't get in, so there's nothing to see. 
If you go south from the exit up ahead, you'll reach Yushima Station. 
There's a giant hole there. We call it the Asakusa Tunnel. 
It's been real quiet 
Where did the Manikins go? 
The creation of the world, huh? 
If you lose, you're out. That's pretty tough 
I saw Sakahagi earlier. 
He went down the hall. 
Huh? Sakahagi's dead? 
I see 
Now that Futomimi's dead, Asakusa's nothing but a ghost town. 
It's just as Lady said. 
We need to watch Ginza The Assembly of Nihilo. 
Finally, it's time to head for Kagutsuchi! 
Hmmm This is one boring town. No clubs, no bars. 
Well, I guess it's a good place to kick back and relax There's no one around, so I can enjoy some peace and quiet. 
Yes. 
Add which candelabrum to inventory? 
Dignity 
What do you want to do? 
Black Visor flag on 
There is a huge pedestal. 
Yes. 
You lit the Candelabrum of Dignity. 
You lit the Candelabrum of Eternity. 
All of the candelabra have been lit 
There is room for another candelabrum on the pedestal 
The flames illuminate the passage beyond. 
There is a peephole 
Please retrieve the next set of candelabra and return them to the Labyrinth. 
We are deeply grateful for your work. 
The voice of the lady in black can be heard through the peephole 
The lady's voice could no longer be heard. 
The hole is blocked 
The path is blocked 
There is a shaft leading downward. 
Jump in? 
Return to the entrance of the Labyrinth? 
Return to the previous Kalpa? 
There is a tombstone without a name on it 
The inscription on the tombstone changed. 
The inscription on the tombstone remained the same. 
Record of Kaiwan: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of Kaiwan: Defeated in turn(s). 
It is inscribed, Here lies Kaiwan. 
You recall the battle against Kaiwan 
Record of Ose: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of Ose: Defeated in turn(s). 
It is inscribed, Here lies Ose. 
You recall the battle against Ose 
Record of the Moirae Sisters: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of the Moirae Sisters: Defeated in turn(s). 
It is inscribed, Here lie the Moirae Sisters. 
You recall the battle against the Moirae Sisters 
Record of Mizuchi: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of Mizuchi: Defeated in turn(s). 
It is inscribed, Here lies Mizuchi. 
You recall the battle against Mizuchi 
A voice rings out of nowhere 
Fiend, accomplice to the fallen angel 
Do you know what cause you serve? 
Do you realize which path your actions are leading you down? 
I have watched your every move from above. 
You have been seduced by darkness, 
and now you are about to defy god's will. 
, the one with a demon's body and a human heart, heed my warning! 
End your dealings with the fallen angel, before your heart is consumed by darkness! 
May you be blessed by the light. 
As long as you do not assist him, his evil plans will surely fail. 
Now, return to your world. Here, the power of chaos will overwhelm you 
I am one with god I am his mouthpiece 
Woe unto you, for you can no longer discern good from evil 
In this land where demons of chaos dwell, the last of your humanity will eventually be lost. 
I pray that you return to your world and rid yourself of darkness, before it is too late 
before god's vengeance strikes this cursed land 
The voice could no longer be heard. 
Gee, you look worn out. 
Would you like to rest for a while? Only 500 Macca! 
Oh Well, please come again! 
Oh, you don't have enough Macca Come back when you do. 
You must be thirsty. Here, have a drink 
Go ahead, have some more 
Are you feeling better? Here's some more 
Have another drink 
Your wallet feels really light 
Yes. 
There is a Mystical Chest. 
Yes. 
You see a Cache Cube. 
Yes. 
It's empty. 
It's a trap. 
It's empty. 
found something. 
It can't be used here. 
Select a floor. 
Yes. 
The door is locked 
You used the . 
There is a shaft leading downward. 
Jump in? 
There is a shaft leading upward. 
Jump in? 
The path is blocked 
There is a tombstone without a name on it 
I can't believe someone would really come all the way down here 
You see, I made a bet with a buddy of mine. 
If someone actually made it this far down, I'd have to give that person a prize. 
Looks like I lost. Here, take this. 
I like you. Come back later and I'll tell you something you might wanna know. 
Alright, I'll tell you something you might wanna know 
My drinking buddy is somewhere up in Tokyo having a drink. 
He's got the key that opens the golden doors. 
Meet my friend? 
A lot of souls have been gathering in the Labyrinth. 
Everyone around here keeps arguing about Gaea and Messiah, whatever those are 
Well, if you walk around, you'll see. 
We believed in living in harmony with demons. 
But, the Order of Messiah wouldn't accept that, and a conflict erupted. 
What we didn't realize was that our worst enemy was already among us. 
You must never forget to say your prayers. 
If you pray, god will protect you no matter what happens. 
And, you shall eventually join him in the afterlife Now, let us pray. 
God spoke to us and foretold the destruction of Tokyo. 
We chased after the Gaea cult in order to prevent that. 
But, we were done in by that devil summoner 
Hikawa is a dangerous man 
Do me a favor 
Don't bother me. 
My pleasure. 
Then, give me 10000 Macca. If you don't like it, then go somewhere else. So, do you want my help or not? 
Dr. Dark healed your party. 
A long, long time ago I was summoned by a human, and we talked of many things. 
What he had to say was very interesting. 
Do you want to hear it? 
Sure, why not? 
The man used black magic to summon me. 
This is what he said: Kill the man I hate! 
I asked, Is that what humans do, kill those they hate? 
He replied, If you hate, you kill. That's the way we are. 
I admired those words. It's so demon-like the true nature of humans. 
I see If you change your mind, come back anytime. 
You don't want to go any further. 
It's cursed, y'know. 
The curse has been undone. 
You can go now. 
Y-Y-You know what? 
If you look real carefully, you might find a hidden passage. 
B-B-But, they're hard to spot. 
I just heard a voice coming from your direction. 
It was like the voice of the universe You weren't harmed, were you? 
That incredible power It might've been the Great Will coming to observe us. 
Well, not even he can stop our master's plans now. 
It's natural for every living thing to die Treatment, therefore, contradicts nature. 
So Did you come here to defy nature and be treated? 
No. 
Good. One lives, one dies That's the way it should be. 
I pray that you find rest soon. 
I am a doctor, after all. I'll treat your wounds. 
But, I'm gonna charge you Macca. Alright? 
Dr. Dark healed your party. 
Money first. Get outta here. 
Hey, see? There, right there! 
Oh, come on now. 
That wall right there. Open your eyes and look! 
Everyone, listen! 
The world has lost its power under the reign of god. 
Because of that, we are on the verge of destruction. 
But, there is no need to fear. The Gaea cult will ensure our survival! 
Together, we will resurrect the strength of the ancient world! 
The soul is still preaching 
The soul is too busy talking to notice you. 
We are just looking for a way to live in peace with nature and the ancient gods. 
But, the Order of Messiah, brainwashed by a jealous god, won't allow us to do so. 
I'm telling you, they're the ones who should be oppressed, not us! 
We believe that god's teachings are absolute. 
Everything is his will Everything changes at his will 
You must leave this dreaded place and fulfill the part which you were originally intended for. 
I see thou art in anticipation. 
There needeth not be reason to hide it About that 
I understand thy joy! I cannot suppress mine own. 
As another friend to drink mead with, I shall tell thee something interesting. 
If thou takest purple Macca in succession, thine earning shall be even more. 
Try and anything you can. I have become rich that way! Hahahaha! 
I'm glad you made it here. 
If you get stronger 
I'll sell you something special. 
I've got nothing else to sell you. Hey, don't worry. 
I'm sure there are other brokers besides me in this labyrinth. 
You're pretty strong. 
I'll sell you something special. Interested? 
On second thought, forget what I just said. 
The demon you have there Yeah, that yellow one 
As long as you've got that demon with you, I can't sell you mine. Come back after you get rid of it. 
You're pretty strong. 
I'll sell you something special. 
Uh Wait a minute, your party's full. 
If you want a new companion, make some room first and then come back. 
Here's what I'm selling 
a demon that can heal anything. You'll be glad to have one around. 
With that well-rounded bosom, I think anyone would rise to heaven getting healed by her! 
I'm asking 30000 Macca. I know it's kinda high, but it's well worth the price So, you want it? 
Alright, I'll buy it. 
Excellent choice! 
You purchased a demon from the Shady Broker. 
I am Nda Mitama. 
With my magic, I can weaken the enemy. 
Nice to meet you. 
The demon joined your party. 
That's fine. If you change your mind, feel free to come back anytime. 
Hey-hey-hey, you don't have enough Macca! 
Come back when you have more money, okay? 
The floor below is a place filled with invisible walls. 
If you're heading down below, you better be prepared. 
Once you're down there, it won't be easy coming back up. 
Yes. 
There is a Mystical Chest. 
Yes. 
You see a Cache Cube. 
Yes. 
It's empty. 
It's a trap. 
It's empty. 
found something. 
It can't be used here. 
Select a floor. 
Message Test Now for the basics 
Message Test Next are the choices 
Yes. 
Yes, you say? 
No, you say? 
Wh-Whaddya want!? 
I didn't do anything! You hear me!? 
Oh great, there's more? 
H-Hey Is that you, !? 
You gotta help me! I can't afford to waste any time! 
! She's!! 
You are unfamiliar to me, demon. 
Any who enter the territory of the Mantra will be tried. 
Lock him up! 
Your strength was superior to mine 
Why? Why won't you accept Yosuga when you possess such strength? 
Your strength was superior to mine 
Please don't be sad I'm happy that I can die at the hand of a friend 
, my Reason is yours 
Yes. 
There is a Mystical Chest. 
Yes. 
You see a Cache Cube. 
Yes. 
It's empty. 
It's a trap. 
It's empty. 
found something. 
It can't be used here. 
Select a floor. 
Message Test Now for the basics 
Message Test Next are the choices 
Yes. 
Yes, you say? 
No, you say? 
Yes. 
Hey Can you hear me now? 
Good. Looks like you're still safe. 
It seems that the Link failed and you fell into the Amala Network. 
But The Amala Network is exactly that: a network. 
If there's an entrance, there's always an exit. 
Just leave it to me. I'll get you out, so head toward Ginza 
? 
Something's up 
Are you stuck? 
Alright, let me try something. Gimme a minute. 
Okay 
I've got an idea. Let me try something 
I'm starting to get it 
Looks like the Amala Network never stays the same shape. 
Even you would have a hard time getting through here 
Well, if something happens, call me. I'll do what I can. 
Geez, again? 
Hopefully, it'll be as smooth as the last time 
! 
Hey Canyoheare? Saysoming 
Damit! Connction'sunstble 
You can no longer hear Hijiri's voice. 
This is where the stairs disappeared 
You can hear a voice 
yhey ItmeHijiri. 
Can you hear me? Answer me! Can you hear me now? 
I can hear you. 
Good! Looks like you're in a spot that gets good reception. 
Yeah, real funny I know you hear me, kid! 
Alright Let's do it this way. 
From now on, if anything happens, let's meet up in stable places like the one you're in right now. 
Oh, yeah. You're stuck, huh? Just wait asec 
Damn. 
Looks likecommunicaion's getingbadheretoo 
Letsmeetupin anotherstableplace 
Okay? 
You cannot hear Hijiri's voice anymore. 
You can hear a voice 
It's good to know you're alive. Guess you didn't become a demon for nothing. 
You couldn't go any further, huh? Wait up. 
Oh yeah, there's something you should know. 
It seems that someone's trying to intercept my communication with you. 
Might be an enemy. Be careful 
Looks likeit'sgeting unstableheretoo 
We'lltalklaer 
Hijiri's voice died away. 
You can hear a voice 
You're finally here 
The exit is close to where you are. Let me open the-- 
! 
Dammit, something's interfering 
Hey Youokay? 
hearme 
You cannot hear Hijiri's voice anymore. 
H, hEy, WhO aRe YoU? 
YoU snEAk aRounD YOu iN the w-W-w-Way! 
!!!! 
YoUuuuUuuUU! I kNOW, I KnoW! 
This MaGATsuHi hEre. YoU waNT yOURsElf? yOu kilL me, hUh!? 
I sEE! I kNEw iT!! 
Me fIx PrObLem 
Me eAT yOU! aNd MaGaTSuhi ToO! Me EaT YOu, tOooOooOoO!! 
nO. YoU aRe LyiNg. Me woN'T Be fOoLED! 
YoU won'T pASS heRE. Me WOn't LeT yOU. 
G-G-GeT OUt oF HErE!! 
OWww UgH, aHhhH 
YoU I eAt yOU oNE dAy MeErGhsWeAr IT 
Me nO foRGEt yoUr uGLy FaCe! 
YOUUuuuuUUU! 
YoU waNT yOURsElf!! This MaGATsuHi hEre. yOu ThInK kiLL me, Eh!? 
Alright It looks likeeverything's stabilizing. 
Hey, , you okay? 
I see You're getting used to being a demon, aren't ya? 
I'll open the door. Hang on. 
Alright, I'll do the best I can to get you outta there. 
If you go through the path I opened, you should reach safely. 
You did take a slight detour, but at least you're there. 
Nice work. Now, let's hurry on. 
You cannot hear Hijiri's voice anymore. 
There is a wall 
Yes. 
There is a Mystical Chest. 
Yes. 
You see a Cache Cube. 
Yes. 
It's empty. 
It's a trap. 
It's empty. 
found something. 
It can't be used here. 
Select a floor. 
What? Get lost! 
I don't wanna talk to anyone. 
I'll heal you if you just go away. 
The soul healed you. 
I'll heal you anytime. Just don't bug me. 
This is where the stairs were. 
What do you want? I'm not looking for someone to talk to. 
If you really want to talk, there's a place where you can talk to the outside world 
So talk all you want there. 
If I were you, I'd go right for sure. 
Oops! 
I should learn to keep my mouth shut 
Er, left! I meant left! 
You're not from around here, are you? 
Then, let me warn you 
If you don't have a map, you'll get lost. 
Yes. 
You want me to tell you something good? 
I see Guess I'm too nosy. 
You see the red things running along the walls and roof? 
That's all Magatsuhi. 
Magatsuhi is born from the flow of emotions, such as suffering, anxiety, and sadness 
That's right. Emotions bring forth great powers. 
There's an enormous amount of Magatsuhi in the Amala Network. 
So, there are demons that jump in here, looking for Magatsuhi. 
Be careful not to be picked on. 
Just a while back, this used to be connected to the Ginza terminal. 
But the network is in a bad mood, as you can see. 
*whistle* 
The wall just went POOF! and disappeared. 
So, now it's connected to the Ginza terminal, but 
I wish you were here to see it happen. 
What? Go away 
I don't want to involve myself with anyone or anything! 
I'll heal you. Just get outta my face. 
You have been healed. 
I'll heal you anytime, so leave me alone. 
Thought you got away? 
You're wrong, pal. 
Checkmate! 
I could go ahead and kill you right now, but 
I'm not really in the mood to do any favors for my shady old client. 
So, I'll give you a sporting chance. 
Don't worry, it's not complicated. 
I'm gonna chase you around this floor. If you reach the exit, you win. If not 
Bang! Got it? 
Time to get serious, kid 
Let's rock! 
Testing 
Testing 
This Magatama is my present to you. I hope you like it. 
There are many more of them in this world. See how many you can find 
From the command menu ( button), you can view and ingest Magatama. 
WARNING This scene hasn't been made yet. 
The displayed text is the brief summary of this scene. 
The dark sky of Tokyo can be seen from the roof of the hospital. 
The main char opens the door, and sees a young woman standing a few feet away from him. 
You're the only one who came here? 
You probably don't have any experience fending for yourself, do you? 
These days, everyone has it so easy growing up At least, that's what I think. 
No one takes any initiative; they just sit and wait. 
The world is about to be reborn. Everyone will have to start thinking for themselves. 
That's the future I envision 
It's time. 
You know 
If we ever meet again let's talk about other things. 
I'll tell you all my secrets. 
As Yuko looks up into the sky, an explosion occurs. 
The shock wave hits Tokyo. The earth shakes, and powerful wind blows. 
The main character becomes unconscious, and the world is engulfed in white light 
A voice can be heard. 
I can see your heart, but inside there is nothing. 
You have no identity. 
That is unacceptable. You cannot create a new world like this. 
Go, and discover yourself. 
The end of your journey There you will find the world of your choosing 
The surroundings becomes dark as the voice disappears. 
From the darkness, the child and the old woman appear. 
So, how was the end of the world? Did you enjoy it? 
I sure hope so, cuz you're gonna live a life of torment in the new world. 
But you have absolutely nothing, right? That's no fun. 
Here, I'll give you this. It'll make things more bearable. 
The next thing the main character notices, the old woman is standing behind him. 
He is held by the old woman from behind, unable to move. 
The child comes up to the main character and shows him a weird object. 
This will turn you into a demon. Aren't you happy? 
Once you're a demon, you can use . 
There are many Magatama. Though they will strengthen you, they'll also put you in misery. 
Okay then, here goes. 
The child pushes the weird object in the main character's mouth. 
Sharp pain runs through his body, and he falls unconscious 
Magatama, the essence of demonic power 
You have now joined the ranks of demons. 
My little master is always watching you, so don't bore him 
There is a pillar. 
Yes. 
It's smooth. 
It looks hard. 
Main character = debug! 
Blah. 
The pillar has already been lowered. 
All the pillars have been lowered. 
The shrine you can see from the entrance is His Lordship's resting place. 
But, the pillars holding it up are guarded by the four Devas, and they're ultra-powerful. 
Don't go near them! 
I can't believe it! 
You actually beat all four of the Devas! 
M-Master!! Make me your student! 
Right above here! 
His Lordship is up there! 
Yes. 
Who doth awaken me from my slumber? 
So, thou art the demon who came from afar? 
I am , the guardian of Tokyo for the last thousand years. 
Thou art , art thou not? 
The king of chaos, who hath gained the powers of demons despite being human 
Why hast thou come this far to see me? 
Lend me your power. 
So, thou hast come for mine assistance 
But, thy Tokyo is a Tokyo my light cannot reach. 
I cannot set foot in thy world 
Thou art direct and to the point 
I see Thou hast defeated the four Devas out of sport 
Outstanding 
Let me ask thee a question 
Wilt thou bring peace to Tokyo? 
The began shining even brighter! 
I see 
Yes. 
Let me ask thee a question 
Wilt thou bring peace to Tokyo? 
Then, I shall lend thee my power. 
Farewell. 
Be it a new world, it is still Tokyo 
Thou art the new guardian of the land 
I look forward to thy world, conqueror. May you prove victorious in your war for peace. 
Now go, ! 
Are you attempting to lower this pillar? 
If you plan on entering the shrine, overcome my ordeal! 
Let us begin! 
Are you attempting to lower this pillar? 
If you plan on entering the shrine, you must defeat me! 
Now, let us fight! 
Are you attempting to lower this pillar? 
Let us find out if this battle is an ordeal, or divine retribution! 
Prepare yourself! 
I was wondering what warrior was strong enough to enter here Well, if it isn't . 
So, you are trying to get into the shrine? 
Then, you should already know that you must defeat me, or the path shall never be opened! 
! 
Yes. 
There is a Mystical Chest. 
Yes. 
You see a Cache Cube. 
Yes. 
It's empty. 
It's a trap. 
It's empty. 
found something. 
It can't be used here. 
Select a floor. 
is in that shrine. 
You must lower the four pillars and defeat the in order to see him. 
But, the four Devas are reeeeeeally strong, so be careful 
You defeated the four Devas and met Lord Masakado? 
Amazing! 
Right above here! 
His Lordship is up there! 
I can't believe it! 
Lord Masakado actually came down 
I was almost crushed! 
Yes. 
Blah. 
Blah. 
Blah. 
Blah. 
Blah. 
Blah. 
You can hear a voice 
? 
Yes. 
Really? 
Then, get outta there. 
He may be up ahead. When you find him get yourself out 
The terminal's acting up 
It's not like it should be 
You cannot hear Hijiri's voice anymore. 
I, fiNaLLy, fOUnD yoUu!! 
YoooOoUUuuu!! I, LOoK, fOR YOuuUU!! 
ThIS, tiME, I kILL yOu aND fEeL gOod! 
FoR mY haPpiNeSS 
DiEEeeeeeEe!! 
You defeated Specter. 
I do what I like. 
No one tells me what to do 
I have the strength to be able to live on my own. 
Leave 
Society didn't shun me, I shunned the society! 
I don't need anyone else! 
In the end, the only one you can trust is yourself. 
You need to create your own future 
I don't want to talk to anyone. Scram! 
I think, therefore I am 
To be strong is to be solitary. 
Hmm? 
Hmm 
You 
Came again 
You want to pass? 
Yeah 
I see 
Then 
Go over there 
Then 
Stay there 
You 
What's your name? 
Say your name. 
I see 
You're 's 
You quiet 
Cool 
You 
Solitude 
You like solitude? 
Uh-huh 
You 
Understand maybe 
Cool 
You 
No good maybe 
Differ from Master 
You are cool 
Cool 
Can you 
live on your own? 
Of course 
I see 
Keep it up 
I'll live on my own too 
I am you 
I see 
Talk to Master 
We all live on our own 
You are me 
Talk to Master 
We all live on our own 
You are me 
The shadow disappeared. 
Yes. 
There is a Mystical Chest. 
Yes. 
You see a Cache Cube. 
Yes. 
It's empty. 
It's a trap. 
It's empty. 
found something. 
It can't be used here. 
Select a floor. 
You again? 
How many times you plan on comin' here? I don't want to talk to no one! 
I'll heal you, so just go home Pest. 
You have been healed. 
No matter how many times you visit me, I'll heal you. Anything to make you go away! 
Geez, we've been having a lot of visitors lately! 
A human kid came in and began living here not too long ago. 
Well, I don't care who comes, as long as they don't bother me. 
What? 
You seem friendly, but I'm not in the mood for chatting. 
Believe no one. The truth is within you! You've heard it all before, right? 
So, keep it to yourself, would you? 
Um, I'm babbling, aren't I? 
Are you planning to continue on ahead, mister? I wouldn't! 
No one likes to be disturbed 
And if you try to force your way through, you'll run into even more trouble! 
OoOoHhYoOOuuUUuuu!! 
That's what a demon I just met over there said. 
But, he was much madder and fiercer 
OoOoHhYoOOuuuuUUuuu!! 
Oh! Did I scare you? I'm trying to impersonate that demon I met. 
But, it's no good! I gotta be madder and fiercer! 
When you have defeated those foes, you will be accepted and honored by us all. 
My master would like to help you prepare for the forthcoming battles by sharing a portion of his power. 
He shall release the hidden power of the Magatama that you have received. 
You, who have cast away your human form and, as a Fiend, conquered all deaths 
You were given the body of a demon when you entered the Vortex World, 
and now, it is time for you to receive the heart of a demon, as my master wishes. 
You shall be born again, as a demon of chaos harbinger of the final battle! 
May you prevail Our strength, our hope 
I'm glad you're okay 
I felt it when the evil presence faded away. 
Were you able to get the ? 
You came back I knew I could count on you. 
I felt it when the evil presence faded away. 
Does that mean you have the ? 
Oh so the Magatsuhi was used up already. 
Then, you don't mind me keeping this, do you? 
Oh so the Magatsuhi was used up already. 
Can I have it then, since you have no use for it? 
This brings me one step closer to creating my world 
My god will surely teach me the Reason now 
Freedom is the cliff that overlooks the abyss, the valley of the shadow of death. 
The grave awaits even the victor at the end of the road. 
Show me your heart 
Fool who bears the name Freedom! 
Because of your name, you will carry the burden of plague, pain, and ridicule. 
Do you fear the suffering and humiliation? 
Fool who bears the name Freedom! 
Because of your name, you will live a life of betrayal, rejection, and defeat. 
Do you fear the deceit, the torment? 
Yes, I do. 
Go! And see the world with your own eyes! 
There are forces vying for creation. Without judging their Reasons, your world will not come to be. 
Side with them, or side against them. r world be born. 
Remember that you Lo! A new force is about to emerge in Ikebukuro! 
I, too, will become a force, with this woman. 
Remember that you are what is right. That is my truth. 
Aradia 
You still won't give me the Reason? 
What am I missing? 
I think it's time for me to go. Staying here won't do me any good. 
I should see for myself what kind of world others are trying to create. 
. I'll see you again sometime. 
Little lamb that struggled through darkness and clung to life, you have done well until now. 
I watched as you prevailed over many adversaries. 
I am the Trumpeter It is I who will announce the end of time. 
I have come to see if you are worthy 
of entering the final battle, where my trumpet will sound. 
Show me your incomparable strength! Let me see the raging heart of a demon! 
Seize the last candelabrum from my hand! 
, you have been branded with our master's seal 
You must take the last candelabrum to the bottom of the abyss and meet our master there. 
That is, of course, if you can defeat me the last of the Fiends. 
Seize the last candelabrum from my hand! 
For the future of all demons of chaos!! 
. 
. . 
. 
. 
. 
. 
Who's there!? 
Wait a minute Aren't you the kid I met at the park? 
What happened to you? 
I'm stronger now. 
You're not joking, are you? 
I see. 
Well, at least you still think like a human 
So, what the hell is going on? 
All of a sudden, I was blinded by a bright light, and the next thing I knew, I was here in this room. 
I took a quick look around, and it looks like I'm in a hospital 
Since you're here too, does that mean this is Shinjuku Medical Center? 
Anyways. 
As much as I want to know what's going on out there, I don't think it's safe for me to walk around. 
Damn 
I might have to seriously consider the possibility. 
It's hard to believe, but 
If this is Shinjuku Medical Center, then I can't just rule it out. 
The Conception 
could have occurred for real. 
By the way, have you come across any yet? 
Yes. 
Hm 
It wasn't my imagination, then. 
Demons. They're all around here. 
I never thought I'd actually live to see one 
Well, they're definitely not human. 
My guess is that they're demons. 
My strange experience your new look and these weird creatures 
I don't think the police will be able to help us here. 
I've seen this barrel-like object somewhere before 
If my memory serves me right, it belongs to a man named Hikawa. 
He must have something to do with all this. 
If you can 
Oh yeah, take this. 
(message for checking bug) 
I found this when I entered the hospital. You should be able to access the annex with it. 
Standing here talking won't get us anywhere. 
If you're strong enough to fight those demons, then will you gather information for me? 
I tried talking to what looked like a ghost, but I didn't have much luck. 
What's happened to the world? 
Are there are other humans out there? 
We can only learn the answers to these questions by finding somebody else. 
I wish I could do it myself, but I don't think I'd last very long against those demons. 
Besides, I'd like to spend some time studying this object. 
I'm counting on you. 
Maybe you should try and get out of this hospital. Good luck. 
What's the matter? You wanna ask me something? 
Ask Hijiri 
What happened? 
Don't worry about me. 
I know I'll only slow you down if I go with you. 
Hey, I don't plan on dying here, you know. 
That's why I'm checking this thing out. 
So, go. 
Well, I'm not exactly sure yet 
But, it reminds me of something Buddhists use 
They have these rotating bookshelves that they store scriptures in. 
Supposedly, if you rotate one all the way around, you'll receive a blessing, just as you would by reading the scriptures. 
It looks like this thing can keep record of your progress. Go ahead and try it. 
There is a temple. 
Have . 
The began to shine. 
The seal has been broken. 
Yes. 
The temple is sealed with a powerful spell. 
No one is here. 
, who has broken my seal! 
I have heard rumors of you. 
But, I sense something different about you 
That's right. 
Sure. 
Is that right? 
Then, show me what power you possess!! 
You are humble. Very well. 
So, how about it, ? 
There is no need to hold back! 
Do you accept Bishamon's challenge? 
I guarded the Tokyo of old with my comrades. 
I will show you my power! 
What a bore 
Begone! 
Now, do you feel like fighting me? 
Hmmm! 
Just as he said, your powers are far greater than what I have imagined. 
Now, like my comrades, I must lend my powers to him. 
I would like to fight you again, but 
I must be going. 
Take this. 
If you have enough power to obtain all of these 
Then, you will be able to set foot into the world I am going to. 
If that should happen then we shall meet again! 
Bishamon disappeared. 
Yes. 
There is a Mystical Chest. 
Yes. 
You see a Cache Cube. 
Yes. 
It's empty. 
It's a trap. 
It's empty. 
found something. 
It can't be used here. 
Select a floor. 
Message Test Now, for the basics 
Message Test Next are the choices. 
Yes. 
Yes, you say? 
No, you say? 
This subway leads to Yoyogi Park. 
Yoyogi's the place where a bunch of demonstrators died, right? 
That's scary!! 
Hey you!! How many times do I have to tell you? 
Stay behind the white line! 
There still seems to be demons running around Yoyogi. 
Are you going to Yoyogi Park to participate in the demonstration? 
Violence cannot be forgiven!! 
We are demonstrators that work hard to make a better city!! 
Apathy is not the answer! We must fight for what we believe in!! 
What the heck?! What's up with all these souls? 
For a future without discrimination! For a city our children can play in!! 
Yoyogi Park is just beyond the exit. 
Now, let's join together and fight for our beliefs!! 
Protect our children from the temptations of juvenile delinquency!! 
I'll fight it, even if I'm the only one doing it! 
I demand that the government not not censor my pornography! 
Oops. 
Yes. 
There is a Mystical Chest. 
Yes. 
You see a Cache Cube. 
Yes. 
It's empty. 
It's a trap. 
It's empty. 
found something. 
It can't be used here. 
Select a floor. 
There is no response from the Manikin. 
J-J-Just awhile back, Sakahagi went to Yoyogi 
Th-Th-Thank goodness it was dark 
A vicious-looking Manikin passed by a short while back. 
After that, a female human passed by. 
It's usually quiet here, but 
This is a rather quiet place, compared to Tokyo in general. 
Yoyogi Park is the place that all the fairies are guarding. 
That vicious Manikin won't be able to do anything just by himself. 
That lady who was heading to Yoyogi Park was lookin' fiiiiiine! 
You are here, at last 
We have long awaited this moment, in the everlasting flow of Amala. 
You have retrieved all of the candelabra, and triumphed over the mightiest warrior of light. 
You are the demon that we have been waiting for. 
? 
All of the demons are celebrating the birth of the new demon of darkness, 
hoping that you and the fallen angel will break the chains, and defeat the Absolute One 
There is no turning back 
We, the ones cast into darkness, shall face those that live in the light 
The final battle is about to begin. 
But first, you must return to your world and increase your strength 
by defeating the humans who are vying for control of creation, and Kagutsuchi, the source of creation. 
A man who envisions a world of silence Ahriman, god of the void, lends him strength. 
A young woman who values power above all else The god Baal Avatar has descended upon her. 
A young man yearning to live in solitude His strength comes from Noah, the wandering god. 
And Kagutsuchi, the light that watches over the Vortex World as well as creation 
It's nice to have visitors, but this is ridiculous 
You too, huh? You should've thought twice before coming here. 
They all come for Magatsuhi, but then they find out that it's already mine. 
There was a girl who showed up not long before you. 
Yeah, I taught her a lesson a painful one. Hehehe 
Didn't I tell you before? I won't be used by demons. 
With all my Magatsuhi, I'll be the one using them. 
Not just any demons Even the strong ones. 
That skin of yours will make a nice coat! 
However, the power of Magatsuhi seemed to be absent from it 
You've withstood the attacks of the Fiends, and now you stand here before me. 
For this feat, I shall grant you audience. 
Come forward. 
I am chief among those who fell from heaven. 
With the angel of darkness, I lead the demons of chaos. 
I am Beelzebub, ruler of death and warden of souls. 
, Lord Lucifer's favorite 
I've heard about you. 
With the power given to you by Lord Lucifer, you are trying to create a new demon, correct? 
What, you didn't know? That's what the candelabra are for. 
When all the candelabra have been returned to their rightful places, a new demon of chaos will be born 
I have no idea how he talked you into collecting them, but I've got to say, you're quite gullible. 
Remember this, 
The demons of chaos are all waiting for that moment 
the moment when the new demon is born, and Lord Lucifer makes his final decision 
The army of chaos will rise at Lord Lucifer's command. 
To bring about that glorious event, I would gladly assist you. 
But, you must first demonstrate that you are worthy of my help 
My true form is more suitable for this test 
Now, prove your strength to me!! 
Unleash the demonic power given to you by Lord Lucifer!! 
A voice echoes through the hall 
Your power is indeed a source of hope for chaos 
When we meet again, I'll fulfill my promise 
I shall see you at the Cathedral of Shadows 
The voice could no longer be heard 
From chaos comes strength. From strength comes demon. 
Demon is strength. Strength is demon. 
Bow down before me. 
I shall lead you demons, the kingdom of chaos, for all eternity 
. 
I am Gozu-Tennoh. As the head of the Mantra, I lead the demons that gather here. 
I was truly impressed by your battle. 
The emergence of a new, mighty demon It is remarkable indeed. 
But first, let me reward you. Please accept this gift. 
I shall share some of my Magatsuhi with you. 
You received power from Gozu-Tennoh. 
You can now employ 2 additional demons. 
Hahahaha! Do you feel the power coursing through your body? 
If you choose to serve me, I shall grant you even greater power 
Joining the Mantra doesn't seem like a bad idea, does it? What say you? 
I'm at your service. 
Hahahaha!! Very well, then! 
I have some work for our new member of the Mantra. 
Hm Hahaha Hahahahaha!! 
Not enough Magatsuhi to sate your thirst? You are quite a greedy one. 
Insatiable greed is a demon's virtue, however. 
I am sure you will grow stronger without my guidance. 
But, do not dare to oppose me. If you do You can imagine the consequences. 
Hmm Indecisive, are you? 
If you serve me, I can release your innate power. 
I can see that you are interested in the Mantra, but not totally convinced. 
If that is the case you may observe us first, and then decide. 
Although, I believe your destiny is to fight alongside us. 
Now As you may already know, our enemy is the Assembly of Nihilo. 
They are threatening us with their plot to bring the world to a halt. 
We can no longer overlook their madness. 
I have made the decision. 
We, the Mantra, will wage war on Nihilo, and obliterate them! 
I have already ordered my soldiers to attack their headquarters in Ginza. 
If you consider yourself a Mantra, make haste and go to Ginza. Crush those who pose a threat to the world! 
If you call yourself a demon, make haste and go to Ginza. Crush those who pose a threat to the world! 
I am Gozu-Tennoh, the one who will rule the kingdom of chaos 
It's so quiet Too quiet 
I see, the stillness has come for me 
Wielder of strength Champion of want mold the world to your liking. 
It is no longer of my concern 
Magatama transfer message 
Hmmmmmm!! 
This is Master Loki's room. 
Dirty punks like you go over there!! 
Hmmmmmmmmm!! You!! 
What were you doing while I was gone!? 
Hmmmmmmmmmmmm!! It's time for you to die!! 
Who the hell are you? 
Whaddya want in here? Did you come in for a drink? 
Sorry kid, but I don't think they serve milk or juice boxes in this place. 
Hey! 
That's my room! Don't even think of touching it! 
Huh? 
Is there a in my room? 
Bill, as in human money? 
It might, it might not Heheheh 
You want a Bill? 
Bill me. 
I see, then you have no business here. Take a hike, junior. 
You wanna cut a deal? 
20,000,000 Macca. Now, whether there's a Bill in my room or not, that's a different question. 
Whaddya think? 
Heheheh Well, of course. 
Then, there's nothing to talk about. Go home. 
So, have you decided to pay me 20,000,000 Macca? 
You need the money first before you can say that! 
I don't have time to deal with bums. Go home. 
!! 
You actually came up with the cash Well, you did your end. 
Sometimes, telling the truth has its advantages. Go ahead, it's yours. 
You can live in it, burn it, do whatever you want with it. 
The deal's done. That room's yours. 
You can live in it, burn it, do whatever you want with it. 
What the--! 
Someone jacked up my room! Who did this!? 
The door is locked. 
Flag corner. 
Looking for 1. 
Oh You again. 
What? The ? 
Heheheh It's in my stomach As liquor, of course. 
I sold it to a curious Manikin. 
I needed the money, since my room was raided. 
Know what I mean? Heheheh 
Talk to that Manikin collector if you want the . 
Let me be. I want some time alone. 
The attack on the Nihilo by the Mantra is just the beginning of the creation. 
Will it be a bright future? Or will it remain chaotic? Time will tell 
The Manikins went to Asakusa, I hear. 
With Futomimi as their leader, the city's slowly coming back to life. 
But, it's times like these when the unexpected occurs. 
Futomimi predicts the future at Mifunashiro regularly and leads the Manikins accordingly. 
But what does he do in case of a bad prediction? 
Maybe something like his death 
The Assembly of Nihilo Hikawa's finally begun to move. 
I hear he's after the large amount of Magatsuhi at the 
It's ironic that a human is using demons to his bidding, rather than the other way around. 
There's a tower coming from Kagutsuchi to the Obelisk. 
It's like Kagutsuchi's saying to come on up. 
Shijima, Yosuga, Musubi Which Reason will guide Tokyo? 
Hikawa, , Who'll become Tokyo's conqueror? 
The moment of fate is near. 
The Assembly of Nihilo's rule is way too stiff! 
But, thanks to that, the demons here don't cause any real trouble. 
Geez, those Mantra sure know how to mess things up! 
I was just getting used to not having demons fight each other over here 
The Nihilo demons aren't coming back! 
I don't know what they're up to, but it'll get ugly if there's too much drama between demons. 
What the hell is the Assembly of Nihilo doing!? 
I hear this guy is searching like mad for Magatsuhi. 
It seems that has summoned a god for his Reason, Musubi. 
At this rate, a world of Musubi will be created. 
What is the Assembly of Nihilo thinking!? 
Shijima is a still world that isn't controlled by emotions. 
You become one with the universe, and there's no need to suffer. 
It fits a person who keeps his cool, like me. 
The Assembly of Nihilo has a human they call the. 
She and the Commander are the ones holding Nihilo together. 
But, that's not saying much. 
The Nightmare System The system that defeated Gozu-Tennoh 
I hear that the Maiden has something to do with it. 
She's messing up everything. 
The Nightmare System has stopped. 
The Assembly of Nihilo now needs to think of another way to collect Magatsuhi. 
But, knowing Commander Hikawa, he probably already has something up his sleeve. 
I sure hope he knows what he's doing. 
We gotta look out for the Yosuga, the group that took over the Mantra's headquarters. 
The leader is this human girl named , and she's looking for Magatsuhi. 
If you ask me, she's just another power hungry jerk. 
Yosuga plans to make new Tokyo with only the best. 
It's going to be a refined new world where the weak don't exist. 
I think it's a pretty rotten idea, personally. 
The Mantra's attack will fail. I'm sure of it. 
The Assembly of Nihilo's got brains, unlike that other band of ruffians. 
Besides, their Commander probably has everything already calculated out! 
Kabukicho Prison is where the Mantra get their Magatsuhi. It's their lifeline, so to speak. 
So if that goes down, so does the Mantra's headquarters. 
There is a ton of Magatsuhi in the Amala Network. 
Nihilo used to be the only ones that utilized the Magatsuhi in the Network, but I hear that recently a human's been hiding out inside. 
He probably became enchanted with Magatsuhi as he kept accessing those terminals. 
I hear there's a bunch of Magatsuhi lying dormant at Mifunashiro. 
What's Futomimi planning on using it for? 
Musubi believes in total individuality. 
Their world is one where you can do anything you want without ever having to meddle with anyone else. 
What do you think of that? 
The flames of the Candelabrum of Sovereignty are flickering wildly 
You can feel the presence of a terrifying demon 
Yes. 
Are you sure? 
It looks like you'll be able to get away. 
It looks like you won't be able to escape 
I know you have a candelabrum! 
The flames of the candelabrum are burning passionately! You won't escape! 
Yes. 
There is a Mystical Chest. 
Yes. 
You see a Cache Cube. 
Yes. 
It's empty. 
It's a trap. 
It's empty. 
found something. 
It can't be used here. 
Select a floor. 
Hey! 
That's . Don't even think of touching it! 
The door is locked from the other side. 
The door is locked. 
Yes. 
The door is now unlocked. 
This is Ginza, the city under the rule of the . 
Make sure you don't make any trouble here. 
Soon, our world shall come 
Ahriman has arrived! 
Now, all we need to do to create the world of Shijima is obtain power from Kagutsuchi! 
Did you know? 
People say that Loki owns a bunch of different things. He's at Nyx's Lounge. 
Did you know? 
I hear that a thief snuck into Loki's room! Very unloki I mean, unlucky! 
Did you know? 
I hear that the Assembly of Nihilo has a secret weapon. Guess it's not a secret anymore 
Did you hear? 
They say there's a reason why the Nihilo demons aren't coming back. 
Did ya hear? 
They're sayin' there's a guy diggin' a tunnel at Yurakucho. 
I doubt there's any relation to what Hikawa's doin', though. 
We protect our Commander and the Maiden. 
If the time arises, we are willing to sacrifice our lives for them! 
A world of silence 
A painless world because emotions do not control it. 
The only ones that can live there are beings that have spiritually surpassed humans and demons 
That's right We will all become gods! 
You can't exclude the power of Magatsuhi in creating the world. 
The Assembly of Nihilo is using terminals to suck Magatsuhi from the Amala Network. 
The Commander is a clever one Ha ha ha! 
Ha ha ha 
The Assembly of Nihilo has an ace up their sleeve. 
The Commander is such a bright man! 
Ha! 
Commander Hikawa is the supreme ruler of the battle for creation. 
We may be a late entry, but that's because we were preparing for an incredible god. 
Finally, Ahriman, the god of Shijima, has descended upon us! 
Commander Hikawa is the supreme ruler of the battle for creation. 
Inexcusable! 
Those guys hanging around in Nyx's Lounge are a bunch of good-for-nothings. 
Full of information my ass! 
The world belongs to the Assembly of Nihilo 
I mean, Shijima. It will be shrouded in silence. 
*whisper* Let me tell ya something 
There's a door leading to the back room of Nyx's Lounge. 
*whisper* Let me tell ya something Very hush-hush! 
There's a tunnel at Yurakucho Station that leads to . 
*whisper* Let me tell ya something Mum's the word! 
The Tower of Kagutsuchi can be accessed from the Obelisk Remember, mum's the word! 
The Assembly of Nihilo has a human they call the. 
She and the Commander are the ones holding Nihilo together. 
But, that's not saying much. 
We, the Assembly of Nihilo, have a . 
He may be human, but he is very intelligent and dependable. 
Commander Hikawa is just so clever! 
Even if our headquarters was attacked, even if we lost the Nightmare System 
He'd still be victorious! He conceives plans as if he knows what events will take place. 
He may be human, but he's a brilliant strategist. 
Why did Commander Hikawa fall behind in conceiving his Reason? 
He was probably checking out the other Reasons first 
The Assembly of Nihilo desires a . 
It is a world without pain, because it is not controlled by emotion. 
It is far different from the state of chaos that Tokyo is in right now. 
We've finally found it Enough Magatsuhi needed for the creation of the new world 
Now, we can create our ideal world of stillness! 
The Reason of Shijima will prevail! 
Oh? 
Hey kid. What're you doing in a place like this? 
I haven't seen you around before. Did you come to check out the Assembly of Nihilo? 
Yes. 
I see That's good. 
It's best not to bother with all this creation business. 
I knew it. 
You probably have something for that Maiden, right? 
The Nihilo base of operations is right outside of Ginza. 
I'd tell you not to try it, but boys love risking their necks for girls. 
If it doesn't work out, come talk to me again. 
What? You couldn't get inside the base? 
Ha! I didn't think you'd actually be crazy enough to try and go there! 
Is there a reason why you need to infiltrate the Assembly of Nihilo? 
I see 
Then, let me tell you something. 
Go see . 
Gozu-Tennoh is the leader of the demons in . 
He's no friend of the Nihilo, so he might help you out. 
You can get to Ikebukuro from the , just across the bridge from here. 
Good luck You're gonna need it. 
Gozu-Tennoh is the leader of the demons in Ikeburo. 
You can get to Ikebukuro from the Great Underpass of Ginza, which is across the bridge from here. 
I wish you the best of luck. 
Nihilo's rule is way too heavy-handed! 
But, if it weren't for that, the demons would be at each other's throats. 
There's a north wing and a west wing here in Ginza. They intersect at the fountain. 
They have different exits, too. 
The Nihilo demons haven't come back at all since they left for the headquarters. 
What happened? What are they up to? 
Those Nihilo demons came back all of a sudden! 
Something happened! They must've been doing something! 
The Nihilo demons headed for the tower that came down from Kagutsuchi. 
It's so quiet 
Now, this is what I call stillness. 
Nihilo's base is southwest of Ginza in . 
The Nihilo demons are on the other side of the railroad tracks 
I saw them near , past the Tokyo Tower! 
How are the Nihilo demons? They doing okay? 
Excuse me. 
Do you know about , the shop that will trade gems for items? 
The merchandise changes every time I go in there. It's so hard to choose! 
The Cathedral of Shadows devised a new type of fusion, called . 
Hold on now, don't expect me to become a sacrifice! 
Man, the Cathedral of Shadows is one great place. 
It's got it all. 
Well, I can't use anything there, though. 
Man, the Cathedral of Shadows is one great place. 
But there's a rumor that they're hiding . 
Hey, kid. 
I had a feeling that I'd see you again. 
And I was right Looks like I hit the jackpot. 
I'm not here to explain all the details, 
but I bet you've already got some idea. 
That old geezer intends for the Fiends to kill each other off 
Why? Who knows? But, you're not dumb enough to play into his hand, are you? 
Then, get out of here. And don't look back. 
That's your only option. 
Am I right, kid? 
Yeah 
Hm, I'm surprised that you'd agree. 
It's no playground around here. 
Take my advice and lay low. Otherwise 
*sigh* You're asking for it, kid. 
Okay. Take one step beyond this point, and 
Bang! Got it? 
Let's rock! 
Playtime's over. Now 
Let's rock! 
Now, turn around and go home. 
Well, look who we have here . 
Don't tell me you came to save me. You're way too late. 
Talk back. 
What are you pissed off for? It's not like you went out of your way to help me. 
It's obvious I can't count on you or Ms. anymore. 
I don't want your apology. It won't change anything. 
It's obvious I can't count on you or Ms. anymore. 
You're leaving? Sure, go ahead. I didn't expect anything from you anyway. 
It's obvious I can't count on you or Ms. anymore. 
No one's gonna help me in this world 
I'll have to survive on my own. 
When this world was created I heard a voice that told me to search for the truth. 
At the time, I didn't know what that meant 
But, while I was locked up in this room, I came to realize. 
Truth isn't something other people can give you; you have to find it within yourself. 
And I opened the way without anybody's help. 
The Amala Network What I'm looking for is in there. 
The great power that'll lead me to the truth 
It's calling me 
The terminal does not seem to be functioning 
disappeared 
The comfort of death will come, 
The comfort of death will come, for men and demons alike 
by the guidance of the Great Will. 
The comfort of death will come, for men and demons alike 
by the guidance of the Great Will. 
Where will I go from here? 
Will I return to nothing? 
Will I be born again, somewhere in your new world? 
I've got no strength left. 
I'm just waiting for fate to pass its final judgment on me. 
But, I'm sick and tired of living how everybody else wants me to live. 
I don't want my life to be dictated by others anymore. 
Use your power to make a new world. 
Once you wish for it, it'll come into being. 
Everybody will be able to live as they want to in the world of Musubi. 
It's a world that's yet to be seen. 
I wonder what it's like there 
? That's the goal. 
If you have any questions, open up the menu and select . 
Are you ready? Then, let's start! 
You think it's easy? That was just a warm-up! 
It's getting tough for you, huh? Now's the time to quit. 
Y-You're not bad I'm getting nervous *gulp* 
This is the final stage Beat it if you can! 
What!? You're giving up? You blow. 
I'm done for now. 
I wAS waITIng. 
I FIgUreD iT oUT. 
KiLL aLL wHO geT IN mY wAy 
YoU aRe LikE mE. 
ThIS tIMe I wiLL kILL yOu, anD becoMe hApPy!! 
DIeEEeeee!! 
Yes. 
There is a Mystical Chest. 
Yes. 
You see a Cache Cube. 
Yes. 
It's empty. 
It's a trap. 
It's empty. 
found something. 
It can't be used here. 
Select a floor. 
Message Test Now for the basics 
Message Test. Next are the choices. 
Yes. 
Yes, you say? 
No, you say? 
East Ikebukuro Station. 
The entrance is closed tight. 
The door is closed tight. 
I'm surprised that the Toyama residential district didn't get sucked up by the Vortex 
But, was this place really that important? 
Thanks to this god-forsaken poison swamp 
I have to take the god-forsaken long way around. 
Hey, what the heck are you lookin' at, you god-forsaken fools!? 
The flames of the Candelabrum of Sovereignty are flickering wildly 
You can feel the presence of a terrifying demon 
Yes. 
Are you sure? 
It looks like you'll be able to get away. 
It looks like you won't be able to escape 
I feel the power The power of the Candelabrum 
Yes. 
There is a Mystical Chest. 
Yes. 
You see a Cache Cube. 
Yes. 
It's empty. 
It's a trap. 
It's empty. 
found something. 
It can't be used here. 
Select a floor. 
If you go aaaaaall the way over there, you'll reach the infamous Kabukicho Prison! 
You see the subway station over that-a-way? 
A buncha Manikins just walked right in there! 
Is it true that the Manikins are restoring Asakusa? 
I guess Ikebukuro is made to be busy. This time, it's the demons of Yosuga who's in the city. 
The Mantra of Ikebukuro are a rowdy group. 
Some of them'll attack just for talking to them! 
The Mantra left Ikebukuro in a giant mass. 
The Assembly of Nihilo's gonna get their asses handed to them! 
Look at that The Mantra are in shambles. 
They're getting slaughtered by the Assembly of Nihilo! 
Ikebukuro's pretty quiet now. 
Geez Guess Ikebukuro IS busy, after all! 
At Kabukicho Prison, they drain Magatsuhi out of the Manikins. 
It's a huge torture chamber! 
Up ahead is the Mantra's infamous 
Or what's left of it. It's all in the past, now. 
Shoot I shouldn't have been so greedy 
I should've bought a couple of 
Now that Gozu-Tennoh is gone, the prison is just a slum for the ex-members of the Mantra. 
I saw an important-looking Manikin leading a bunch of other Manikins out! 
Who is he?! 
I hear Futomimi--that Manikin who was held prisoner in Kabukicho-- can predict the future. 
Looks like he's at Mifunashiro now. I wonder if he could tell me MY future 
Hey, there's the Emperor in Kabukicho now. 
Damn, it's cold. 
You're the one who beat the Emperor, huh? 
That was me alright! 
Mizuchi The Emperor All the demons that become the boss of Kabukicho fall prey to you. 
You're the real 'Emperor of Kabukicho'! 
You don't have to hide it. I know. 
Hey, you! You d-don't plan to take that h-highway, d-do you? 
You should quit while you can! Something terrible's been seen around there lately 
A ghost riding a motorcycle!! I don't think he's even licensed!! 
I haven't heard the roar of that ghost biker's engine in a while. 
I wonder if he got into an accident Maybe he just got a flat tire. 
Hi there, Mr. Demon! Would you like to buy something? 
Oh, what a cute little boy! 
I thought you were one of those scary monsters 
A handsome demon like you deserves a major discount! 
I hope we'll have a long-lasting relationship! *wink* 
Hi there, good looking! 
Hee ho!! Welcome! 
My goal is to become a super-cool and super-strong demon, like the great King. 
So I'm thinking of going on a journey to train myself, but I need money, hee ho 
Can you help me out by buying lots of stuff, hee ho? 
Hee ho!! Welcome! 
Hmph, a customer 
Hahahahaha! I'm sorry, I always wanted to say that. 
You remember me? I'm the Manikin that collects all sorts of junk. 
I finally opened my own shop! 
Take your time and look around. Since you helped me out before, I'll sell to you at wholesale. 
Hi! Thanks for your business! 
Well, hello! And how are you today? 
Ooooh, how faaabulous! 
That silly little snowman, Jack Frost, never mentioned you! 
I'm running the shop while he's away. 
A handsome demon like you deserves a major discount! *wink* 
Hee hum I wonder why? 
I feel like I know you, even though I've never seen you before, hee ho. 
Makes me think of long ago But, I feel sad for some reason Ho well 
This's gotta be a special day for me and you. Here ho! I'll give you this! 
Let's try our best to become super-cool, super-strong demons! Hee ho! 
received a of some sort. 
We've met before, haven't we? 
Fate has drawn us together How romantic! *blush* 
To commemorate this occasion I have a gift for you. 
I hope you like it! 
I can see by the darkness in your soul that you have chosen to disregard my warning 
You are beyond the point of redemption. 
I cannot turn a blind eye to the fallen angel's abominable plan to foster the birth of a new demon. 
Delivering the candelabra to the Labyrinth of Amala is just as grave a sin. 
Listen, Fiend! Foul demon whose soul is tainted with darkness! 
Listen! And tremble in fear! 
I am Metatron! I am one with god! 
By his will, I shall destroy you!! 
Feel the wrath of god, disciple of darkness!! 
The new heaven. 
The new earth. 
The prophecy has been fulfilled. 
The world will be cleansed of its greed, and enter a state of stillness. 
And you are the one who will accomplish that. 
I was not the creator; I was the baptist. 
I was merely sent to prepare the way for you--the new creator. 
However, I am content. 
Once I entrust you with my Reason and send you on your way, I can finally witness the world that I envisioned. 
I look forward to living in a world of silent harmony 
Mighty creator, deliver the new world unto us!! 
. 
? 
? 
. 
. 
. (). 
. 
? 
. 
). . 
. 
. 
. ? . 
, 
(. 
. . 
). . , 
. 
Interesting So, you found your way here. 
I guess the members of Mantra aren't as thick as I thought 
Now, this is a big surprise. 
You're that boy from the hospital, correct? I'm amazed that you're still alive. 
And judging by your appearance you've gained considerable power. 
Why have you come here? 
Are you here to see me? 
Yes. 
I see. 
Even though I nearly killed you, you've tracked me down to obtain the answers you seek. 
Then, are you here to steal our Magatsuhi, like the Mantra? 
No That's not it. 
But, I have an idea why you're really here. 
Very well. 
I commend you for reaching this place on your own. 
If it is truth that you seek, then I will reveal everything 
all there is to know of this world. 
Take a look at this device Its function is to collect the Magatsuhi. 
You must have seen one like it on the upper level. 
Do you know why Magatsuhi exists? 
No, not simply for demons to consume. 
That's a ridiculous oversimplification 
Remember this 
In this world, you might as well be dead if you don't fully understand Magatsuhi. 
Magatsuhi 
It's used as an offering. 
It is the power needed to call forth the god of creation. 
It is essential to this world's existence. 
One who possesses a strong will can change everything in this world. 
When Reason--one's ideology-- has been spread, and Magatsuhi has been gathered, 
god will descend from above and reshape the very foundation of the world. 
Yes, for the sole purpose of creation, this world of chaos was brought into existence 
by me. 
Soon, my dream will be realized. 
A complete circle of stillness, in harmony with the workings of time 
The world of Shijima will be born. 
Mantra believes they've destroyed this base, but as you can see, the core is fully functional 
Nothing more needs to be done. The targeted amount of Magatsuhi will be reached shortly. 
However, they deserve to be punished. 
We'll use them as an example 
of what happens to those who oppose the Assembly of Nihilo. 
This is a good opportunity. Witness what is about to take place. 
Using the Magatsuhi stored here, I will call on my new strength. 
The time has come Activate the Nightmare System! 
Do you understand what is happening? 
It's a system which gives me total control over the flow of Magatsuhi on a worldwide scale 
This tiny facility pales in comparison. 
As my first target, I have selected Ikebukuro, the home of Mantra's headquarters. 
The Magatsuhi in that area will be depleted, and the Mantra will die out in no time. 
Oh, I forgot to mention. plays a key part in this system. 
She's been a great help to me. Her abilities as the Maiden have been invaluable. 
Are you worried about ? 
I am sorry to say, but she is not here. 
I doubt that you will ever see her again. 
She is the Maiden of creation not the teacher you once knew. 
You risked your life and came all this way, and you say it was not for her? 
Well, it doesn't matter. 
She is not here anyways. 
Your attachment to the previous world will only serve to deepen your despair. 
I should not have been so merciful back then. 
Your pain, your suffering 
I shall end it here. 
I don't know what hopes and dreams you brought with you here, but 
there is not a single thing that you can accomplish in this world. 
Now, go and join the others that you have lost 
So you defeated me. 
But, you will never be able to find our commander, or the Maiden. 
The Nightmare System has been activated. 
This base will soon be closed down, and the way to the Maiden will be lost forever 
Begone, demon! It is we, the Assembly of Nihilo, who will create the new world!! 
Welcome. Take all the time you need. 
What are you going to buy? 
What are you going to sell? 
Hmmm You can't hold anymore of that. 
. Is that okay? 
Hmmm You can't hold any more Macca. 
I'll only be able to give you what fits in your wallet. Is that okay? 
Thank you so much! 
Is there anything else I can help you with? 
It's great having my own shop, but 
I want to go search for something that nobody's seen before 
I wonder if I should join your party 
This is a dummy. 
This is a dummy. 
This is a dummy. 
This is a dummy. 
This is a dummy. 
This is a dummy. 
This is a dummy. 
This is a dummy. 
It's great having my own shop, but 
I want to go search for something that nobody's seen before 
I wonder if I should join your party 
I don't just collect junk. 
For example, I sell Magatama as well. 
I thought they would be useful to you It took me awhile to find them. 
I have no clue how to use these things, but 
Feel free to buy them, if you'd like. 
This is a dummy. 
This is a dummy. 
Come back anytime. I'll try my best to find more items! 
Yes. 
Thank you for buying so much. 
Take this if you'd like. 
Acquire ten of them for a raffle. You can also use them in any of the Junk Shops. 
Ah, you found many ! 
Okay, pick one box that you like. I'll give you what's inside. 
. Is it something useful? 
Big box. 
By the way I got this from a demon for 60 Macca the other day. 
It's called the . 
But, I'm not interested in it. I'm only interested in man-made items. 
So, I'll give it to you if you'd like. 
Do you want it? 
Yes. 
I see. 
Okay then, here you go. 
received the . 
Well, I hope you enjoy the rest of your shopping. 
I see. 
Well, tell me when you want it. I'll give it to you anytime. 
Yeah, just like that. 
Only one of us will escape this domain alive. 
The victor shall claim the loser's candelabrum, and return in triumph. 
You hold a candelabrum Then, like me, you must be seeking supreme power. 
That I cannot allow. 
Only the greatest warrior is worthy of such power. 
It is meant for a master swordsman 
one who, amidst blood and applause, has put an end to countless lives 
That warrior is I, Matador. 
It's unfortunate that we have no spectators, 
but I believe this will be an excellent show regardless, as you and I contend for the candelabra. 
I'm sorry to say, but it seems you are rather weak to be in possession of a candelabrum. 
You should give it to someone more deserving, like myself But, since it's unlikely that you'll heed my advice 
I challenge you to a duel, 
to see which of us is truly worthy of the candelabra 
I swear, by my sword and capote, that I will once again prove victorious!! 
Welcome to the arena of blood. 
Now, let the battle begin! 
, you recovered the candelabrum from that Fiend 
I knew I could count on you even if the world changed. 
I believed in you that you would always be my strength 
Here is what my master has to say 
The candelabrum that you acquired 
It was part of his prized collection. 
The candelabra are flames of life that control the flow of Magatsuhi within the Labyrinth of Amala 
But, they were stolen by terrible Fiends. 
The candelabra grant to their possessors access to the Labyrinth of Amala. 
However, that privilege is not intended for just anyone. 
This place is strictly forbidden to all but those my master has permitted entry. 
That is why we would like to ask you a favor. 
Is it possible for you to retrieve the candelabra--the flames that light the floors of the Labyrinth-- 
and return them here? 
That is my master's request 
to recover the eleven candelabra. 
If you are willing to accept the task, then you will be allowed to enter the Labyrinth of Amala. 
I believe that it is a fair offer, but it is up to you to decide. 
I will. 
I see. 
But, please be aware that the candelabra have a tendency to attract each other. 
As you spend time contemplating 
your candelabrum is calling out to others, and to the Fiends that stole them 
We will wait, in hope that you will recover all the candelabra. 
. 
I knew I could count on you I mean, I knew you would accept our offer. 
The candelabra tend to attract each other. That is why I gave you one. 
As long as you have your candelabrum, you will eventually come across the others. 
When you retrieve a candelabrum, please place it on the pedestal in the corresponding floor of the Labyrinth. 
I will reward you as you return them to their rightful places. 
If you hold your candelabrum to the spinning drum of Amala the device referred to as a terminal in Tokyo 
you will be able to enter and leave here freely. 
Please be careful. I wish you the best 
Preparations are complete. 
Let us see if our chosen Fiend will emerge victorious 
if he is the one we have been waiting for. 
A demon is born twice 
Will he accept darkness? 
. 
I don't know why, but I had a feeling that you'd come and save me. 
It's funny I told you that I'd be your strength, 
and you ended up helping me instead. 
I have no power whatsoever. 
How can I control the world, when I can't even take control of my own life? 
As the Maiden, I just do Hikawa's bidding. 
I would like you to become the pillar of the new world. That's what he told me. 
In the end, I was nothing but a tool for collecting Magatsuhi 
It's true that the Conception did take place, and I assisted in making it happen. 
The world is about to be reborn, 
but as it stands now, the new world is going to be a far cry from what I had hoped for. 
I dreamed of an ideal world where people were grateful to be alive 
I didn't like how the world was before. 
People said they wanted peace, but they continued to act selfishly, accepting no personal responsibility for the world's problems. 
Nobody realized it, but they were not really happy. They were simply lazy. 
No one had the desire to compete or become strong. And there was no need to, either. 
That's why I thought 
that we'd eventually lose our power and fade away. 
No wonder I was used by Hikawa 
But, it's not over yet. 
The world is still being recreated Its shape is not yet fixed. 
It was here that I discovered my god, a god that even Hikawa is unaware of 
She was drawn here by the power of Magatsuhi. 
She will surely teach me the Reason for creation 
Fool who bears the name Freedom 
Under the light of liberty, your wrongs shall be forgiven. 
. I have come from the far reaches of Amala. 
It is my duty to bestow freedom. Ask, and you shall be set free. 
If you deem yourself right, light will return to the world, but so will darkness. 
Pursue the way of creation! 
You yourself are a world too. 
Do not obey others; do what you believe is right. 
You received power from Aradia. 
You can now employ 2 additional demons. 
This woman will soon recover her lost power. 
She will set forth on the path of creation, and I will guide her. 
Go, and see the world with your own eyes. From there r creation begin 
Yes. 
Add Candelabrum of Sovereignty to inventory? 
What do you want to do? 
Black Visor flag on 
Black Visor flag on 
The hole is blocked 
The path is blocked 
There is a shaft leading downward. 
Jump in? 
Return to the entrance of the Labyrinth? 
Return to the previous Kalpa? 
There is a huge pedestal. 
Yes. 
You lit the Candelabrum of Sovereignty. 
The candelabrum has been lit 
The flames illuminate the passage beyond. 
There is a switch. 
The switch has been activated. 
There is a tombstone without a name on it 
The inscription on the tombstone changed. 
The inscription on the tombstone remained the same. 
Record of Mithra: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of Mithra: Defeated in turn(s). 
It is inscribed, Here lies Mithra. 
You recall the battle against Mithra 
Record of Thor: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of Thor: Defeated in turn(s). 
It is inscribed, Here lies Thor. 
You recall the battle against Thor 
Record of Ahriman: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of Ahriman: Defeated in turn(s). 
It is inscribed, Here lies Ahriman. 
You recall the battle against Ahriman 
Record of Noah: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of Noah: Defeated in turn(s). 
It is inscribed, Here lies Noah. 
You recall the battle against Noah 
Record of Baal Avatar: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of Baal Avatar: Defeated in turn(s). 
It is inscribed, Here lies Baal Avatar. 
You recall the battle against Baal Avatar 
I shall now test your heart 
If you are a true demon, then you may see what lies beyond this door. 
Then, turn back and leave here 
You have no demon to present. 
The door would not budge 
Yes. 
If you wish to pass, let one of great strength step forward. 
If you wish to pass, let one of great magic step forward. 
If you wish to pass, let one of great vitality step forward. 
If you wish to pass, let one of great agility step forward. 
If you wish to pass, let one of great luck step forward. 
If you wish to pass, let one brimming with light step forward. 
If you wish to pass, let one whose soul is black step forward. 
If you wish to pass, let one who embodies chaos step forward. 
If you wish to pass, let the one who has been with you the longest step forward. 
Your comrade's strength does not meet my expectations! 
Your comrade's magic does not meet my expectations! 
Your comrade's vitality does not meet my expectations! 
Your comrade's agility does not meet my expectations! 
Your comrade's luck does not meet my expectations! 
This is not the one I seek. 
Begone! 
Your comrade's strength is admirable indeed You may pass. 
Your comrade's magic is admirable indeed You may pass. 
Your comrade's vitality is admirable indeed You may pass. 
Your comrade's agility is admirable indeed You may pass. 
Your comrade's luck is admirable indeed You may pass. 
You have with you a truly noble comrade You may pass. 
You have with you a comrade as black as night You may pass. 
Have step forward? 
Have step forward? 
Have step forward? 
Have step forward? 
Have step forward? 
Have step forward? 
is acting strangely 
What's happening? I feel this power growing inside me 
!! 
What? Why are you looking at me like that? 
I've been right here by your side from the very beginning. 
Um, you're not waiting for me to say my line, are you? *sigh* Alright, alright 
I'm of the clan. Please take care of me 
Attention trespassers 
We are the law here. 
We will only permit you to use us before you are forced to leave. 
Attention trespassers 
You are only permitted to use us ! 
Attention trespassers 
You are only permitted to use us ! 
Attention trespassers 
You have now passed through us three times. 
We have warned you, foolish demon! 
Leave this instant! 
There is a lift that leads to the deepest part of the Labyrinth. Get on it? 
Gee, you look worn out. 
Would you like to rest for a while? Only 500 Macca! 
Oh Well, please come again! 
Oh, you don't have enough Macca Come back when you do. 
You must be thirsty. Here, have a drink 
Go ahead, have some more 
Are you feeling better? Here's some more 
Have another drink 
Your wallet feels really light 
The lift does not seem to be working 
You have come at last, . 
Izanami and I had long watched over the land of the rising sun. 
However, as was destined, the world fell and our power was lost. 
Unable to wield our strength, 
we awaited the one to whom we could entrust the future. 
And now you have come. 
, please accept our gift. 
It will help you create a new world in this space filled with chaos, 
as Izanami and I did when we met long ago 
Your body surges with power 
You are now able to attack more often. 
. 
Our job is done. We pray for your success. 
May the heavens bless you 
You find yourself in a strange place. 
A voice echoes in your head 
Come 
Show me the strength of a demon 
The old man and the woman disappeared 
This way 
So, you made it 
Your strength is outstanding 
We shall meet again soon 
By my master's orders, I'll treat your wounds. 
Dr. Dark healed your party. 
GO ON THEY ARE WAITING FOR YOU. 
Yes. 
There is a Mystical Chest. 
Yes. 
You see a Cache Cube. 
Yes. 
It's empty. 
It's a trap. 
It's empty. 
found something. 
It can't be used here. 
Select a floor. 
Message Test. First, the basics 
Message Test. Next are the choices 
Yes. 
Yes, you say? 
No, you say? 
The path is blocked. 
You sense a strong power from beyond the door. 
Yes. 
It's natural for every living thing to die Therefore, medical treatment contradicts nature. 
So Did you come here to defy nature and be treated? 
No. 
Good. One lives, one dies That's the way it should be. 
I pray that you find rest soon. 
I am a doctor, after all. I'll treat your wounds. 
But, I'm gonna charge you Macca. Alright? 
Dr. Dark healed your party. 
Money first. Get outta here. 
The angels cast down from heaven had no other choice but to become demons 
Are we fallen ones to blame? Or is it the fault of those who cast us down? 
I wonder what our master thinks 
I'd like to ask him one of these days. 
I hear that you can buy demons with unique abilities somewhere around here 
But, now I'm lost. What to do? 
So, you have made it to the last floor. 
This is where the women loyal to our master gather. 
You have done well in not disappointing him. 
But, if you underestimate us, you will not live to regret it! 
What a cute lad! It's rare for young men to come here. 
I'm about to burst! 
*sigh* I bet I'm nothing but an old hag to you, right? 
More like an 'old bag'. 
You made my day! Here's a token of my appreciation! 
Is that so? 
You know, it wouldn't kill ya to throw a compliment my way. 
It's called 'being nice', you little creep. 
Now, don't let anything happen to that cute little face! 
The demon healed you. 
You're almost to the very bottom of the Labyrinth. 
Our master is waiting there. Don't give up now! 
You better pay close attention, or you'll get lost. 
Even if you think you've found a dead-end, make absolutely sure before you try another direction. 
Well, that's my advice. Choose to follow it if you wish. 
Somewhere in here are doors that will test your demons. 
They test various attributes and may even kill a demon if they are inclined to do so. 
Some will ask for specific demons. 
If you want to go on ahead, be sure to bring a variety of demons with you. 
It seems that this floor is full of demons that live by the call of the wild. 
Wild or not, they're still dangerous. If you're going to look around, be on your guard. 
Everybody here is waiting for the final battle. 
At our master's command, we will rise to the heavens once again. 
CAN YOU FEEL IT? 
I CAN FEEL GREAT POWER FROM THIS DOOR, WHICH LEADS BELOW 
SOMETHING EVEN STRONGER THAN BEELZEBUB 
IF YOU CHOOSE TO PROCEED, BE CAREFUL. 
CAN YOU FEEL IT? 
THE GREAT POWER I FELT IS GONE 
I CANNOT BELIEVE THERE IS ONE WHO IS EVEN STRONGER! 
Human or demon O one with power. 
Would you like me to measure the movements of your soul? 
Sure, go ahead. 
Imagine you are in the mountains 
and you see a human about to be attacked by a wild animal. 
The animal begins to maul the defenseless human! 
As a fellow human, your heart would compel you to chase away the beast and rescue the victim. 
Ah! But, now you're a demon! 
Suppose you kill the animal with your newfound strength You crush it barehanded! 
The human would then fear you, since you had proven yourself more powerful than a wild animal! 
With your demonic strength, you can no longer be human. You are more dangerous than a wild animal 
It is your choice. Do as your heart desires. 
If you get stronger 
I'll sell you something special. 
I'm glad you made it here. 
If you get stronger 
I'll sell you something special. 
I've got nothing else to sell you. Hey, don't worry. 
I'm sure there are other brokers besides me in this labyrinth. 
You're pretty strong. 
I'll sell you something special. Interested? 
On second thought, forget what I just said. 
The demon you have there Yeah, the one with only one eye 
As long as you've got that demon with you, I can't sell you mine. Come back after you get rid of it. 
You're pretty strong. 
I'll sell you something special. 
Wait a minute, your party's full. 
If you want a new companion, make some room first and then come back. 
Here's what I'm selling 
the strongest elephant you ever saw, with the power of a demon. 
In battle, he'll bust out attacks that'll crush any enemy! 
I'm asking 200000 Macca. I know it's kinda high, but it's well worth the price So, you want it? 
Alright, I'll buy it. 
Excellent choice! 
You purchased a demon from the Shady Broker. 
WoOo, I'm MaSAKadO sSssS! 
NiCE tO mEEt yoUuUUuuu 
The demon is jiggling 
That's fine. If you change your mind, feel free to come back anytime. 
Hey, you don't have enough Macca! 
Come back when you have more money, okay? 
At our master's request, I have been waiting for you 
Yours is an existence unbound by this world, and for that reason, you have infinite potential. 
Will the battle with god occur as our master wishes? 
Or, will we forever remain in waiting, while history repeats itself? 
I have thought about this at great length. May I ask you a question? 
Go ahead. 
Very well. 
It is true that all living things must perish 
Bound by the invisible threads of fate, humans die tragic deaths 
Does that seem fair to you? 
If you lost a loved one in a horrible accident, would you curse god? 
There's no need to answer. 
But, if you feel that fate has cheated you then go and see our master. 
Yes Though long frozen, time shall flow again 
towards the final battle. 
I see. Then, I will leave you be. 
I pray that you may determine your own destiny. 
The door has become deformed and won't open. 
Nothing happened. 
You see a vending machine! 
You have enough change to buy a drink. 
Yes. 
The drink that came out isn't any of the ones listed. 
You decide to hurry on ahead. 
The vending machine is sold-out. 
The entrance is closed tight. 
Dang! 
I came here to sell medicine, and now I get dragged into all this rubbish. 
I saw it!! I saw a human go underground!! 
It's him This is his doing!! 
There is an . 
Yes. 
You gave up on the . 
You feel like you met . 
Eh!? 
What's goin' on??? 
I saw a demon at the annex 
Wait a minute, demons really exist!? 
You're still alive, too? 
Boy, I sure see a lot of humans today. 
As a matter of fact I just saw one go down to the basement. 
I'm envious of you guys! Being able to walk around and all *sigh* 
The Vortex World That's what we call this place. 
Of course, the world hasn't been reborn yet. 
And I don't know what it's gonna be like when it does get reborn 
If you negotiate well with demons, they'll join your party. 
About negotiating Well, I dunno all the details, so I can't tell you anything specific. 
But, don't let that stop you from trying! 
You're not a human, are you? Then, let me tell you something good 
Listen up. First, you need to get demons to join you. 
That's right! You need demons on your side. 
If you run into a demon, try starting a conversation. 
I'm sure you'll get a response. It won't always be a good response, mind you! 
You see it too, huh!? That g-giant demon in the lobby??? 
We c-can't go near there! 
Eeeek! A demon! There's a demon!! 
Demon's are scary, right?? They attack people, right??? 
EEEEK!! I need to text message my boyfriend!! 
You're a demon, too??? 
I hate hospitals. They always give me an eerie feeling. I'd hate to die in one! 
Wha'? Now's not the time? Demons have appeared!? 
For reals?! Eh, just as long as there are no ghosts. I'm so scared of ghosts! 
When you fight demons, you'll have a better chance of winning if you can get more actions in during your turn. 
By using attacks that the enemy is weak against, you'll be able to attack more frequently. 
But, the enemy will gain the upper hand if you do the opposite! 
So, make sure you use your actions wisely. 
What!? You're going to defeat Forneus!? 
Yes. 
Hahaha Yeah, right! I'll give you all my money if you can do that. 
I guess I heard wrong 
Amazing You really beat Forneus!! 
You really beat him 
Dang! A promise is a promise!! Take it!! 
You wanna get through? 
What, you think you can beat me? 
Yes. 
Oh yeah? 
Then, bring it on!!! 
That's a smart decision! 
It's best you don't leave this hospital. 
Give it up, loser. 
You feel the presence of someone on the roof. 
Enter through the doorway? 
Yes. 
Entering big map. 
If I knew this would happen for reals 
I should've listened to Hikawa. 
I don't know the details, but 
I heard that this hospital did some pretty horrific things! 
For some reason, you cannot go inside the X-ray room. 
It's locked from the other side. 
You're injured Here, let me heal you. 
There you go. Don't push yourself too hard. 
Your wounds have healed. 
The beginning of the Vortex ends here. 
After this event, the world will become a Vortex. 
It will then convert you into a demonic human. 
Then, you will wake up in room 203. 
The door is locked. 
Yes. 
You unlocked the door. 
The door is still locked. 
Hey, kid!! This place is dangerous!! 
There's demons past here!! 
Select a floor. 
2F 
Select a floor. 
1F 
Select a floor. 
1F 
. 
. 
You don't have the right card 
. 
. 
You used the . 
. 
You used the . 
The gate closed! 
*ring* *ring* 
Hello? Hello? 
Oh, hell! The elevator stopped working!! 
I'm pressing the emergency button, but nothing's happening 
Dammit! Modern technology my ass! 
You can hear the sound of Isamu kicking the door. 
Anyways, this isn't the time for Chiaki! Get someone over here! 
Yes, I know who Reiko is She's on the second floor! 
If Reiko's not there, anyone'll do 
Anywaycallsomone 
The signal is weakening. 
This door leads to the roof. 
It's locked. 
No one is here 
The man left. 
The door is locked. 
The child and the old woman have disappeared 
Someone is up ahead 
(no message) 
What's wrong, my little master? Are you wondering about that person over there? 
I see. My, my 
But, we're busy at the moment. Let's come back later. 
Perhaps it is an exclusive love for one's self. 
Turn your principle into power and survive the chaos. 
You're late. We're ready to go home! 
Just kiddin'. Look, we've been waiting, but we haven't met Yuko. 
This hospital's weird. There's no one around here, even at the reception area. 
I had Isamu look for Yuko, but he hasn't come back yet. 
*sigh* Maybe I should go home 
What's that magazine? 
Ayakashi Monthly? Never heard of it. Is it new? 
Do me a favor? Could you look for Isamu? I wanna get outta here already. 
He's probably somewhere on the second floor. 
I'll be waiting here. Whoa, this is one bizarre-lookin' magazine. 
? I see no point in staying here if we can't find Ms. . 
He should be on the second floor, where the patients' rooms are. 
This magazine is so bizarre 
Whoa!!! 
Oh, it's you. Dude! Don't scare me like that! 
Still, something's seriously up with this hospital. No one was there, huh? 
Not a living soul. 
Really? Something's definitely up! 
Really? Oh you mean Chiaki. 
*sigh* I was so looking forward to hangin' with Yuko. 
Man, what is up with this haunted house of a hospital? 
Seen the basement? Dude! It's like they're making some sorta monster down there. 
Just thinking about it makes me! 
Hey, man I gotta go take a leak. 
Chiaki's in the lobby, right? Let's meet up there. Peace out! 
left. 
left the room. 
isn't in the lobby 
Hey, man, about this magazine 
There's a special report on this group called the 'Gaea cult'. 
Their leader, Hikawa I've seen him before! 
It was a while back, and he was with Yuko. 
He's scary. According to the Scripture of Miroku, the world 'will be swallowed by chaos'. 
I highly doubt anything's gonna happen, but I'm worried about Yuko and this hospital 
Oh, yeah. When I told Isamu about all this, he went to have another look around. 
He gave me this. Check it out. 
I'll be waiting here. I wonder if we'll find her 
I wonder if we'll find her 
You can hear eerie sounds from inside. 
Yes. 
Someone is in the other hallway 
Shouldn't you hurry? The countdown's already started. 
It's almost time. Chaos will be here 
There is no one here 
Someone is in the other hallway. 
You can hear something in the other room 
Yes. 
There is a Mystical Chest. 
Yes. 
You see a Cache Cube. 
Yes. 
It's empty. 
It's a trap. 
It's empty. 
found something. 
It can't be used here. 
Select a floor. 
You can hear eerie sounds from the room. 
Yes. 
The door is closed tight. 
The door is locked from the other side. 
The door is closed tight. 
The door will not open. 
The door is locked. 
The door is unlocked. 
Yes. 
There is a notice on the information board. 
This hospital consists of a , connected by a . 
Only authorized personnel are allowed in the . 
Light is coming from the hole. 
There's a switch. 
Yes. 
Oh, no you don't! 
I won't let you get past here. 
How's this? 
The demon has operated the switch. 
How dare you!! You're dead meat!! 
You defeated the demon guard. 
There is a pedestal emitting white light 
There is a pedestal emitting yellow light 
There is a pedestal emitting green light 
There is a pedestal emitting red light 
The pedestal is no longer emitting light. 
The pedestal is no longer emitting light. 
The pedestal is no longer emitting light. 
The pedestal is no longer emitting light. 
The floor is too unstable to proceed ahead. 
The floor is stable. 
This dome is camouflage; the real thing is downstairs. 
You saw that spinning room, right? I'll fix that, as always. 
You'd go even if I told you not to, right? Yeah, that's what I thought. 
Alright, that's enough 
*chuckle* Don't even try to resist 
I found you. 
Now, let's finish this 
You defeated the demon guard. 
You defeated the demon guards. 
Link to the altar? 
I am Eligor, one of the fallen angels. 
I guard this Kila under the order of our commander. 
Now You seem to have some brains, unlike those Mantra fools. 
I like those with intelligence. 
To show you my respect, I will kill you painlessly. 
I won't let you have the Kila 
Die!! 
Halt 
I am Berith, the great duke of hell. 
Insolent scoundrel, put down the Kila and begone! 
If you say so. 
Then, hurry and begone! 
No, wait 
I can see your future 
I can see your face and body bloodied by my hands 
If that is the future, then so shall it be! Die!! 
I see 
Then, prepare yourself 
for my spear shall pierce through your insolent skull! 
You defeated Beiji-Weng! 
So, you're here 
I'm Ose one of the fallen angels, and a mighty warrior of Nihilo. 
Commander Hikawa is in the room behind me. 
However 
Prepare for your journey to oblivion! 
You defeated Legion! 
You see the before you. 
You see the before you. 
It's empty 
Hahahaha What took you so long? 
Had a hard time figuring out those switches at the storehouse? 
I'm Kaiwan 
Sorry, but I can't let you have the Kila. So, take a hike. 
Hahahaha!! 
Kaiwan fled. 
No, no 
I am Kaiwan, but I'm not the one with the Kila. 
Can't you tell the difference, fool!? 
No, no 
I am Kaiwan, but I'm not the one with the Kila. 
Are you blind or something!? 
No, no 
I am Kaiwan, but I'm not the one with the Kila. 
What an insult! You're gonna pay! 
Hahahaha! You've met an unlucky one, alright 
Well, I guess it suits you 
Hahahahahaha! 
Looks like you've run into some nasty demons, boy. 
I'm sure you'll have fun playing together! 
That's right I'm the real one. 
It's been fun! It's truly regrettable, but I have to kill you now. 
Playtime's over. 
You defeated Kaiwan. 
There is no Kila. 
Those idiot Mantra demons fell for it hook, line and sinker. 
They're probably getting cocky, thinking that they destroyed the core unit. 
Power-shmower. Power's nothing without brains! 
Hm? 
Who're you? 
Hmmm 
I don't know who you're with, but it looks like you have some brains. 
You just wanna make a name for yourself by taking Commander Hikawa's head, huh? 
Just our luck We were getting bored of the Mantra's stupidity. 
We need to welcome our guests and show them off to their afterlife comfortably. 
Dieeeeeeeeeeee!! 
Halt! 
This is the , the place for those who seek silence. 
Demons who only believe in power are not permitted! 
Leave these grounds immediately! 
No one is here 
There are so many cubes upstairs, it's easy to get lost! 
If I remember correctly, you need to turn all the switches blue. 
Oh yeah I hear a Mantra demon got in, so watch out! 
You can hear sounds coming from inside the room. 
You sense a strong power from beyond the door. 
Yes. 
There is a Mystical Chest. 
Yes. 
You see a Cache Cube. 
Yes. 
It's empty. 
It's a trap. 
It's empty. 
found something. 
It can't be used here. 
Select a floor. 
You can hear sounds coming from inside the room. 
Yes. 
You sense a strong power from beyond the door. 
Yes. 
The door is locked. 
The door is unlocked. 
Yes. 
The door is locked tight. 
Hahaha! World of stillness, my ass! Creation? Yeah, right! 
The Assembly of Nihilo is in shambles! Hahahahahaha! 
We already destroyed the core! 
It's all over for Nihilo. The Mantra has won! 
Dammit! I haven't seen the Commander or the Maiden at all. 
Oh well We got all their treasure, anyway. 
The round thing up ahead is the core--the heart of this structure 
Or was, at least. It ended pretty fast. 
So, was the report about needing to unlock the core a hoax? 
Well, Nihilo probably got scared of the Mantra and ran away. 
Huh? 
I can hear something coming from that door. 
Hell, we won. What's there to worry about? 
Huh? 
I can't hear anything coming from that door anymore. 
Hell, we won. What's there to worry about? 
You're the demon that won the trial! So, you decided to come here, huh? 
Well, you're too late. 
We already finished our attack. Hahahahahahaha! 
Oh, a wise guy, eh??? 
Did you come here after Commander Hikawa? 
If you're just here to get in some rubbernecking, I suggest you turn back. 
I can't guarantee your safety anywhere past here. 
Commander Hikawa is on Floor B15 of the core. 
But, you need the , stakes that control the Magatsuhi in this structure, to get to him. 
You saw those four pedestals on the way here, right? Use the Kilas there 
Occasionally, there are visitors like you, but they all disappear up ahead. 
They all fall prey to the traps made by the great Commander Hikawa. 
So, why tell you all this? I figure you have the right to know before you die 
Well, even if this place goes down, we still have an ace up our sleeve. 
This is the storehouse for Magatsuhi. 
It's separated into three floors, and each leads to a storeroom where a Kila is kept. 
You see that switch? It's set up so that it changes the flow of Magatsuhi. 
*chuckle* 
In other words, if you don't use the switches properly, you'll never make it to the storerooms. 
In each of the storerooms is a demon guarding the Kila. 
Even if someone were to make it that far, they'd be killed anyway. 
So, that's why we don't have to panic. 
Even if you make it to Floor B15, 'he' is guarding Commander Hikawa. 
So, that's why we have nothing to fear. 
Oh, a demon 
Well you can get to the storeroom on the floor above by turning the four switches blue. 
An intruder got this far? I hope Commander Hikawa isn't slipping! 
The Assembly of Nihilo is aiming for a world of silence, 
a world where we throw away our individuality and become a part of the grand universe. 
There is no pain or struggling due to individuality. 
Commander Hikawa is wonderful. All shall be bliss 
We not only have Commander Hikawa, but also the Maiden. 
She will be the foundation for our new world. 
So, no matter how much demons like you cause trouble, we won't be disturbed. 
The world we desire has no need for emotions in the first place 
Yes. 
There's a crack in the floor. 
It seems like you aren't able to use the terminal. 
The door is gone, trapping you inside. 
The warp device is not functioning. 
There is a black flame. 
The black flame went out and you hear something unlock. 
The flame is already out. 
You can sense a strong power emanating from the room. 
The atmosphere around you changed. 
Isamu gets god. 
Broke the seal for all pyramids. 
You saw Isumu get his god. 
You set Pyramidion. 
You agreed with Musubi. 
The seal is broken for all pyramids. 
B-BOOOOOOOOM! THIS IS THE SHRINE OF EAT! ALL-I-CAN-EAT!! 
BOTHER ME AND YOU'LL BE ALL-I-CAN-BEAT!! B-B-BOOOOOM!!! 
My Quite handsome. You managed to navigate your way through my shadows? 
I am tired of Magatsuhi. I'll quench my thirst with your blood, so come here. 
I have come from the depths of hell for Magatsuhi, but you are quite a rare one! 
I do not care who you are. I will sink my teeth into that body of yours! 
That warp device over there will take me to the floor above 
Hmmm But the shadow Hmmm If only the shadows weren't there 
That state of panic You stepped on a shadow, didn't you? 
Heh heh Too bad 
Gyaaaaaaaaah! Ow ow ow 
What's up with this floor? It's full of traps! I can't leave either 
Argh, ouch ouch ouch! Light I need to find light! 
Gyaaaaaah! 
Oh, you too!? You also got sucked into Skadi's shadows? Ha-ha-ha! 
Argh, ouch ouch ouch! Light Need to find light 
Geez, you're finally here. 
You really are a nosy guy! 
Well, it doesn't matter to me anymore what you're thinking. 
But, if you're for Musubi, I've got the perfect job for you. 
Come through the door. 
This is the forgotten temple that I found while checking out the network. 
There's a crapload of Magatsuhi stored here. 
But, it's being closely guarded by three demons. 
Can you go and beat them? It makes it easier on me. 
So, you actually came. You really are a nosy guy. 
Oh, well Since you came this far, I'm not going to stop you. 
If you want to come, then come. 
Come through the door. 
This is the forgotten temple that I found while checking out the network. 
There's a crapload of Magatsuhi stored here. 
But, it's being closely guarded by three demons. 
So If you want to save that man, then you'll have to beat them. 
If you can do that, I'll let you inside the central temple. 
Good luck! 
No one's here. 
You can hear 's voice. 
That was quick. You already beat one!? 
So, this is the power of the so-called 'Demi-fiend' Pretty impressive. 
Alright, keep it up. I'll just kick back. 
Nice work! Looks like the seals have been broken. 
While I'm at it, I'll show you the moment my Reason is conceived. 
Come outside. 
I can't believe it, you're actually doing it. 
There's no reason for you to risk your life for this man. 
Oh, what's the use Keep it up, ! 
So, you beat two You really are strong! 
I'm glad I'm a friend. If I was an enemy, I'd be dead by now. Hahaha 
Now, just one more. Don't let up now! 
You actually beat them all! You get nothing out of this, you know. 
Are you okay with being used all the time? 
Um, never mind. I promised to let you inside the central temple. 
See you there. 
Come in, I'm inside. 
. 
I feel sorry for you, so I'll tell you the truth. 
The truth of this world, and the truth of Musubi 
NowCome in. 
! 
! 
Just as she said 
Finally, a Reason has been conceived. 
We need not worry. 
Lady is on the move. 
Our god of Yosuga will soon descend upon us at Asakusa. 
Then, let us hurry. There are fools that we need to pass judgement on 
The demons left. 
You can hear a voice coming from somewhere. 
Yes. 
There is a Mystical Chest. 
Yes. 
You see a Cache Cube. 
Yes. 
It's empty. 
It's a trap. 
It's empty. 
found something. 
It can't be used here. 
Select a floor. 
The door is closed tight by some magical power. 
There is a black flame. 
Yes. 
The black flame has been put out. 
You hear the sound of a door being unlocked. 
The flame is already out. 
The exit has disappeared. 
It seems that you aren't able to use the terminal. 
Are you a follower of Musubi? 
Well, guess what? I can care less! 
All the Magatsuhi from the Amala Network comes from here. 
This is probably the only place with this much Magatsuhi. 
Oh The Magatsuhi! 
That young man named 
It seems that he has gained power using the Magatsuhi here. 
Some demons from a rival group came on a reconnaissance mission 
Everyone here left, following a god called Noah. 
The young man said something about Musubi 
So, you're the 'Demi-fiend', eh? 
This place has got lots of Magatsuhi. Plus, no one else knows about it. 
That makes it the perfect place for to summon his god. 
But first, we have to defeat the three gods in our way, so we can get our hands on the Magatsuhi. 
This is for the sake of Musubi. Good luck! 
So, you're the 'Demi-fiend' that's here to save that Hijiri? Whatever, man! 
Either way, you have to beat the three gods and get to allow you in. 
Well, you can't trust anyone. Hopefully, you won't get stabbed in the back 
Soon! 
will soon be able to summon his god! 
summoned his god! 
Now, with Musubi, we can do whatever we want! 
Darkness is great It's where the real you is being suppressed. 
Now, I can finally look face-to-face with my darkness without being bothered. 
I wanna stay like this until 's Reason is conceived. Don't bother me 
Darkness is your suppressed desires. There's no need to be ashamed. Let it loose! 
The god of this temple must really like darkness. 
It's like we're in a crypt. 
Soon, we will create the world of Musubi. 
The goddess here is a cruel woman who likes blood 
She sucks the blood of intruders in her World of Shadows. 
Beware the shadows 
Have you been dragged into the World of Shadows? 
Too bad 
Not bad 
Hey! Where am I!? It hurts Ow! 
Let me outta the World of Shadows! It's full of traps! It hurts Ow! 
L-Light gets me out! But, where is it? 
Hey! Where am I!? It hurts Ow! 
Let me outta the World of Shadows! It's full of traps! It hurts Ow! 
You too? 
Hey, take a hike! This is urgent! 
I see. 
Thenlook for light 
I-I-I'm not afraid of shadows! I-I conquered it! 
That's odd. 
I passed by here already. 
I dodged all the shadows. How come I can't make it upstairs? 
You're not that bad, beating the goddess here. 
I thank you on behalf of Musubi. Heh heh 
You'll find out soon enough which Reason is the greatest. 
There's plenty of Magatsuhi here. It's just a matter of time! 
Shijima and Yosuga are too busy looking for Magatsuhi. 
Well, I've been busy here, though. 
Musubi! Just awhile longer and the world of Musubi will arrive! 
You have done well to make it here. 
Therefore, I will do you the honor of fighting to my fullest ability. 
Our friendship dies here. 
I side with Yosuga, and you with Shijima. 
We are adversaries, each upholding our own Reason and contending for creation. 
Our friendship dies here. 
I side with Yosuga, and you with Musubi. 
We are adversaries, each upholding our own Reason and contending for creation. 
Our friendship dies here. 
We are adversaries, each upholding our own Reason and contending for creation. 
As fate would have it, we are both beyond shedding tears. 
We need not hesitate to fight each other 
So, let us now decide who is truly superior. Challenge me with all your might! 
I salute you, powerful one. 
Because you are the paladin of the Reason of Yosuga, 
I shall explain to you our fate. 
Our goal is to create a new kingdom-- the kingdom of Yosuga. 
However, no kingdom can be ruled by two kings. 
If we both were to assume authority, our kingdom would be doomed to fail. 
Thus, our fate is to do battle and determine who should rightfully lead. 
I greatly value your friendship, 
and that will not change, no matter what the outcome of this battle. 
Because you are a true friend, I shall wield my strength fully. Surely, you feel the same 
So, let us now decide who is truly superior. Challenge me with all your might! 
Not bad at all I like your style. 
You know what? If we continue fighting and I end up killing you 
then I'll be giving my client exactly what he wants. And that just won't do. 
So, get going I won't try and stop you this time. 
I thought that if I kept on collecting stuff like this, eventually I'd hit the jackpot. 
But, plans change. 
Maybe you'll have better luck than I did trying to get to the bottom of all this. 
It'd be a shame for you to die now, so I'll give you a little help 
You'll need this to continue. 
It's just worthless junk as far as I'm concerned. 
At this point, all I care about is what that old geezer has up his sleeve. Here, take it. 
See ya, kid. 
If we both manage to stay alive, I'm sure we'll meet again 
Perfect. 
With this much Magatsuhi, there won't be any problem. 
My god will emerge from the infinite space beyond the Amala Network. 
He is outside of the flow of time, a being without a name 
He is the god of absolute solitude. 
But, it might be inconvenient for him to remain nameless. 
Let's see, a drifting god How about ? 
Come forth, Noah 
The voice of can be heard 
What do you think of my god, ? Awesome, huh? 
The world of Musubi will soon be here 
No longer will people be able to interfere with each other's lives. Everyone will be happy 
True independence will soon be a reality. 
You, who is about to enter my world, show me your heart 
For the one who will shape the world, this cannot be. 
Go! 
And discover yourself 
You have come at last. 
How can you be the one standing before me? 
Why have you been chosen? 
You, with a heart that follows no rule The bearer of unnamed Reason 
Your heart longs for the kingdom of freedom, a world that has no set future 
The Great Will once granted the world freedom, 
in hopes that it would evolve to a new level. 
However, it was that freedom which gave rise to evil, brought darkness, and led the world to destruction 
Freedom is the seed of disaster; its sole fruit is ruin. 
I will not allow the world to be doomed to failure! 
My power was meant for one who sought the world's rebirth, upholding a worthy Reason! 
, you have become a slave of freedom, like that fallen angel! 
Begone, demon! My light, searing with anger, shall wipe you from existence! 
How can you be the one standing before me? 
Why have you been chosen? 
I came into being for the creation of a new world, 
and those with Reasons came here to make their visions reality. 
Alas, their dreams were shattered, 
and the possibility of a new world has been crushed forever 
by the hand of a demon. 
You may have sought the power of creation, 
but no matter how strong your conviction, a demon can never acquire a Reason. 
Whether or not you were aware of that, you purged the world of those who sympathized with other philosophies of creation. 
Your body is brimming with strength, yet your soul is empty. 
I see before me the incarnation of bane itself. 
Now, there is no reason for this world to exist. I shall have to wait for the next opportunity. 
You are responsible for the death of this world. I cannot forgive such a transgression! 
Begone, demon! May you be cursed eternally! 
False seeker of power, you are evil incarnate! 
So, you stand before me with the Reason of Shijima 
So, you stand before me with the Reason of Musubi 
So, you stand before me with the Reason of Yosuga 
Your heart wishes for a kingdom that will flourish in the silence of time. Very well 
Your heart wishes for a kingdom rooted in solitude. Very well 
Your heart wishes for a kingdom which rejoices in conflict. Very well 
The time of creation is upon you. 
Whether or not you succeed depends on your strength, bearer of Reason 
I shall now unleash my light, the power of creation! 
Triumph over me! Show me the strength that will make the world new!! 
You have shown me your strength Undoubtedly, you are capable of creating a new world. 
However, the true battle still awaits you. 
Creation is a battle without an enemy. 
How absurd 
You wish for me to unleash my power when all Reasons have been forsaken? 
The kingdom you would create promises nothing but suffering 
Demon Human 
Persuaded by the fallen angel, you destroyed the seeds of creation, denying the reincarnation of the world. 
With the cold heart of a demon, you rejected the possibility of evolution. 
By casting aside your humanity, you became the living incarnation of bane itself. 
Begone, accursed one! 
I shall never forgive you for causing the death of the world! 
My light, searing with anger, shall wipe you from existence! 
How foolish 
What good can come of this, when you are tainted black? 
Be forewarned, demon who was once human. 
Though I may perish, your soul will never again be at ease. 
The final hour is imminent. Darkness shall face justice in the last battle 
Let fear grip your heart! Because of your transgressions, you will be cursed for all eternity! 
At last, you have restored all of the candelabra to their rightful places. 
I promised earlier that I would answer all of your questions, sparing no detail 
It may have occurred to you that the candelabra were not in fact stolen 
In truth, my master gave them to those whom he deemed worthy. 
I must apologize for not being honest with you, but there is a reason 
If you listen to what I have to say, I am sure you will understand 
The forces of light and darkness have fought throughout the universe, even beyond the flow of time. 
Their battles have affected every living being in existence. 
Demons and humans are no exception; they have simply been cogwheels in the infernal machine called war. 
And the war still rages on, even as we speak. 
However, one individual vowed to put an end to this eternal war. 
He decided to create a demon of chaos, one that would inherit his will 
and enter the final battle against the forces of light. 
The Fiends were prepared for the creation of that demon. 
He believed that by challenging and overcoming death, 
the demon would become the fruit of destruction, the black hope that we awaited for so long. 
That is what he and my master planned. 
The Fiends and the Labyrinth of Amala were ordeals meant to test you. 
One Fiend challenged you, unaware of the truth, 
while another Fiend fell to you, dreaming of a future of chaos. 
Yes, this was all in preparation for the final battle 
You have vanquished all the Fiends, and now you stand here, just as he hoped 
A demon with the strength to become the champion of chaos 
for the sake of all who live in darkness? 
If you choose to assist us, 
then we can put an end to this unending war. 
I cannot force you to help us. 
If you choose to walk the path of a human, then there is no need for you to return here. 
But, if you have doubts about the laws of the universe about fate, or the providence of the Absolute One 
then you should come to us, at the very bottom of the Labyrinth. 
There you shall be born again as a full demon, body and soul 
Let me conclude by telling you about a human who has crossed your path 
one who is drifting, being kept alive by fate. 
It is my master's wish that you listen before deciding upon a path to take. 
The man I am referring to was known as Hijiri in your previous world. 
He died, but as fate would have it, he carried on in the Vortex World. 
Think back to when you first met him, 
to when the Conception occurred 
Yes, he did lose his life, like all the others. 
As he was heading to the hospital where you already were, the Conception began and his life ended. 
Did it not seem odd to you, 
that he was in the Vortex World unaffected, unchanged? 
It was all because of the mortal sin which he committed 
He was a being toyed with by fate, 
condemned to carry the burden of atonement forever. 
His punishment was to see with his own eyes all that happens in the world, 
to record the balance of events through all the ages. 
A task as endless as scooping water out of the sea with a cup He was condemned to wander the infinite span of time. 
Man can change the course of his next life, by his karma 
But, that privilege was taken away from Hijiri. 
Though his body may perish, his soul will remain unsaved; he must continue on with his task. 
He lives a cursed eternal life, just like a demon. 
Watch, and record the history of the world Witness the entirety of the endless war between order and chaos 
That is your punishment for your unforgivable sin 
Do you understand now? 
By the will of Amala, he was given a life of torment 
and emerged in the Vortex World, without realizing that he had died. 
Soon after, your paths crossed again 
That is probably because you have the potential to affect the course of the new world. 
So by accompanying you, he has unknowingly been fulfilling his new destiny. 
Tragically, he has no memory of his sin, his punishment, or even his death. 
He believes that he survived the Conception, and has acted accordingly. 
As for the result of his efforts you already know the outcome. 
In the body of a Manikin, Hijiri challenged those vying for creation 
and he lost his body once again. 
He is now on a journey to a new land of suffering, 
but his will can never be freed, and his sin never redeemed 
Do you want your life to be predestined as well, or would you rather choose your own actions? 
If you do not wish to be ruled by destiny 
If you would prefer to walk with demons on a new, untrodden path, then please come visit my master. 
You can open the door ahead with the candelabrum I gave you. 
I will. 
Then, we will be waiting in the deepest part of the Labyrinth. 
I will open the way to the last door; please use the candelabrum and come see us. 
We look forward to seeing you soon. 
I understand that it is difficult for you to make a decision right now. 
There is still time If you decide to help my master, please come back to this place. 
We will wait here as long as the flow of Amala permits. 
Until then 
What are you doing here? 
You came here to see me? 
Or were you worried about that guy? 
I wanted to see how you're doing. 
Thanks I really appreciate it. 
I'm just about ready to perform the ceremony to summon the god of Musubi. 
If you wanna help out, come to Amala Temple with me. It's just down this passageway. 
Oh really? 
You're as helpful as always, . 
But, you really shouldn't trust people so easily I'm actually helping you out here. 
That guy's coming with me In fact, I better get going now. 
Don't keep me waiting, alright ? 
Heh. Maybe that's a good thing about you, being so gullible. 
Come join me at Amala Temple. It's just down this passageway. 
I'll tell you all about his secret plans and how he was using you. 
disappeared. 
, long time no see. 
You here to help me, or to capture me? 
Either way, there's no point anymore. The that once wandered this world aimlessly is dead. 
The person you see before you is the almighty , master of Amala's power. 
To be honest with you, I stopped caring about others entirely. 
I figured out how I want the world to be. 
You see, there's me, and then there's everybody else. Most people don't even notice me. 
They don't care about me, and I don't care about them. 
That's not a bad thing, or a sad thing either. 
After all, only you can be at the center of your world, right? 
Then, each person should be allowed to create his or her own world 
That is my Reason the Reason of Musubi. 
You agree, don't you? That it'd be nice to create your own world? 
Yeah, I agree. 
I knew you'd understand. You can't please everyone, and you really shouldn't try to. 
So yeah, I stopped blaming you for not helping me back then. 
See ya, . Give yourself some time to think about it 
I had a feeling that you wouldn't understand. I guess it doesn't matter to you, since you're not human anymore. 
As for me, I'll prove I'm right by creating the world of Musubi. 
You should spend some time alone, Then, see what you think. 
I bet you've done nothing but waste time here in this Vortex World. 
Are you gonna let the world keep tossing you around, like a leaf in the wind? 
Maybe you'll come to your senses if you spend some time alone 
Hmmmm, so you're still alive, eh? 
You actually managed to defeat one of us Very impressive. 
But, I won't be as easy as the white knight. 
My crimson armor shall glisten with your blood. 
Death be unto you, Demi-fiend!! 
*gasp* !! 
Dude! You scared the crap outta me, ! Why'd you startle me like that!? 
You come here late, you cause trouble Geez. 
Ah, forget it. 
I'm sure you noticed already, but man, this place is deserted. 
and double checked, though. She said, Shinjuku Medical Center. 
Maybe something happened 
They could've at least put up a notice or something, so visitors aren't clueless. 
This place better not be contaminated by some deadly virus 
How can you be so calm? To tell you the truth, I'm gettin' kinda nervous. 
Don't be jealous. Let's just say that I know how to apply myself. 
What? No way I'm giving you her number. Why should I help my competition? 
I checked out most of this place. I don't know where else Ms. could be 
Oh well. 
I'll go back and see how is doing. 
She's probably all mad at me 'cuz I've been gone so long *sigh* It's hard to please a girl with her upbringing. 
. 
I really hope that this is nothing we should be worried about 
Woman What brings you to this place? 
Why do you bear such anger? 
That power I felt It was you? 
So, you weren't dead after all 
Were you calling out for me, Gozu-Tennoh? 
Ever since I fell into Nihilo's trap, my spirit has been drifting. 
But, not for one minute have I forgotten the rage that I felt on that day. 
I sought power, but I failed to get it. 
No matter what trials I face, or how much I get hurt 
my Reason will not change. 
But at this rate, my Reason will be lost 
Woman, accept my spirit. 
I once strove to protect the world from the followers of stillness. 
However, what we should have done instead was build a kingdom ruled by strength. 
Of course, I would have never succeeded. 
If I was a human 
If I could have had a Reason of my own, then the outcome may have been different. 
If your power can make me strong, and help me to create my world 
Your Reason is one with our kingdom. 
I shall entrust you with my last remaining strength!! 
Woman, accept my spirit! Be the strength that guides all demons!! 
It's hot like my hand is on fire 
. 
I'm beautiful, don't you agree? Strength and beauty are one and the same. 
Now, I have the power to shape my own destiny 
Ah, I can see! 
I can see those who seek Yosuga flocking to this land. 
It is within my grasp 
My utopia 
My ideal world!! 
Ahahahahaha 
Oh I wasn't expecting you, . 
My master is resting right now. 
If you're here for information, I'd be glad to help you. 
Is there anything else you want to ask about, ? 
Alright. 
I'll try to help you as much as I can. 
So, what is it that you'd like to know about? 
Then, you should get going. 
I look forward to seeing you again 
I want to ask you about something. 
The Vortex World 
Okay 
Listen closely. 
Then, you should get going. 
I look forward to seeing you again 
I see that your quest for the candelabra is going well. 
Those that stole the candelabra are unique and powerful demons 
, manifestations of death. 
Now that I think about it, 
this all started because of one man who caused the Conception in the previous world. 
The Conception Because of it, the Vortex World was born. 
Kagutsuchi is the source of light and power for this world. 
You who once lived as a human must be wandering this world without any understanding. 
To show my appreciation, I would like to share with you my knowledge of the Vortex World and Kagutsuchi. 
Kagutsuchi It is the light whose sole purpose is to empower the one who will oversee creation. 
Creation is the act of bringing a new world into existence, made possible by the annihilation of the old world. 
Kagutsuchi will allow a life form of its choosing to determine the course of the new world. 
There must be those in Tokyo who yearn to be chosen by Kagutsuchi, in order to realize their vision. 
The shape of the world to come depends on who is chosen, and what their Reason is. 
In the vast Amala Universe, this Vortex World is not the only place where creation occurs. 
Kagutsuchi rises, matures, and falls in countless other places. 
There are millions--no, billions of worlds that you are unaware of, and they all experience the cycle of death and rebirth. 
That is the way of Amala, as determined by the Great Will. 
With my master, I have watched how myriads of worlds came into being, how life prospered in those worlds, and how they fell to ruin 
all that time, seeking the answer to the unanswerable question, Why is a world reborn? 
But now 
We may be on the verge of finding the answer 
and it is your actions which hold the key. 
Please retrieve the remaining candelabra as soon as possible, and then come see my master. 
My master has high hopes for you. 
The fallen angel has bestowed upon you great strength. Do not lose your life and let this gift be in vain. 
The headquarters of the Gaea cult 
This is where it all started. 
They were a group who absorbed all forms of doctrine, for they believed they could discover the truth from chaos. 
But even within that cult, he was regarded as a heretic. 
Yes, I am referring to the man who changed your destiny and that of the world. 
He firmly believed that the ideal cannot be found in reality, 
that it could only be brought about by one's own hand. 
And ultimately, he reached beyond the scope of mankind and plotted the creation of the world. 
And the reason he was able to make his plot a reality 
It was all because of his discovery of the Scripture of Miroku, buried deep within the cult's library. 
A mere coincidence, or the hand of fate? With the Scripture in his possession, he obtained the Wheel of Amala. 
And by deciphering the symbols on it, 
he learned of the Conception the fated destruction of the world. 
That incident at the park followed shortly thereafter. 
You see For creation to be possible after the Conception, certain preparations were necessary. 
The demons which he summoned were unleashed 
and a bloody act of carnage ensued. 
Exterminate all who interfere with his plan, 
and dispose of those who do not share his ideal 
He decided to take control of the inevitable--the death and rebirth of the world. 
I believe that he carried out the purge because he had learned everything. 
Knowing that destruction was the fate of the world, he acted without remorse. 
Some members of the Gaea cult were against him, and the Order of Messiah tried to stop him, but 
he eliminated both threats at once, with the power of his demons. 
With all opposition removed, he watched as the Conception took place, 
just as foretold in the prophecy of Miroku No, just as he planned after unraveling the prophecy. 
The Assembly of Nihilo must have been created at that time as well, to aid him in creation. 
Nevertheless, the direction of the new world is still undetermined. 
Will the world he envisions become reality, 
or will a different world be born? 
The answer to that question The outcome 
may be decided by the actions you take from this point on. 
Be careful, and stray not from the path that you believe in 
You have chosen to follow your will and tread the path of thorns like myself. 
In time, your true adversary will appear before you. 
Until that day, stay strong 
left. 
This is the Mantra's headquarters. 
We Manikins have been captured by them, and are being forced to work 
Whaddya want here!? 
Dammit! I was left behind 
Arrrrrrrrrgh!!! I'm losingpower 
Power 
Power is everything!! The weak are too soft and have no right to live. 
That Momunofu lost to you because he was weak. It's as simple as that. 
You wanna pass? 
No way, man. I don't like your face! 
So, make like the little ballerina that you are and spin around, and go back where you came from! 
We're guards known for our unity. 
You're not getting past this . 
The Mantra's most important facility is beyond this gate. 
Yeah. We can't let you get to . 
What's going on!? I'm losingpower!! 
Arrrrrrgh 
I'm not risking my life just to protect this damngate 
Huh? How'd you get in? 
Used the backdoor. 
W-What!? Intruder! Get him! 
W-What? You beat Momunofu? 
I-I cannot possibly be a match for someone as strong as you. 
Please spare me Please, please, spare my life! 
Ah, I have committed murder once again. 
I prefer not to bloody my hands, really. 
But, everyone attacks me out of jealousy all the time. 
Don't keep me locked up in here! Let me fight! 
I'm only here because there's plenty of blood here. 
I want the blood of a young man! Blood! I want BLOOD! 
Do you really think I resort to violence!? 
I'm innocent! Let me out of here! 
It's locked from the other side. 
This is the entrance for the plaintiff. 
You're the defendant. Enter from the other side. 
This is the entrance for the defendant. 
You've been accused by Momunofu of violating our law. 
Are you sure you want to subject yourself to the 'trial of power'? 
Yes. 
Then, proceed into the court. 
Two demons will enter 
But, only one will exit. Here, might makes right. 
Only those who believe in power may enter! 
Weaklings such as YOU should leave now! 
I underestimated you 'cause I thought you were a human. 
But, no holding back now. I, Momunofu, will kick your ass! 
See? Isn't it great?! I love beating others into the ground! 
That's why our beliefs are based on power. 
You've been accepted. Go see Gozu-Tennoh. 
This is the Mantra's court. 
To them, power is the law. 
The weak are evil, the strong are just. 
Justice is served all day long here in this bloody chamber. 
They're crazy. The Mantra are all crazy! 
This court is covered in blood, and they say that it's not enough!? 
The stains just won't come off! 
The door is locked. 
Yes. 
You unlocked the door. 
The door is locked. 
Dammit! I don't like you 
Just because Thor pardoned you, doesn't mean that I have. 
I'll show you that I'm stronger than you!! 
Up ahead is our court. 
The weak need not apply. You'll regret it. 
That thunder ball gets us all riled up!! 
Hey scumbag! This is jail! 
Don't do anything funny! Gots that? Don't do anything funny! 
Ooooooooooh! 
Me no let them escape! Me guard here! 
Me tired Me hate this Me don't care anymore 
I-I hear voices from that room again! 
His creepy voice! Yelling! Singing! Moaning! Roaring! 
Just listening to it makes me crazy! 
I'd rather be worked to the ground! 
He is not responding. It seems he is wrapped up in something. 
Dammit! Let me out! This is hell! 
Getting killed just because the demons feel like it 
Getting Magatsuhi sucked out of me 
I don't feel like I'm living! Death would be much more comfortable! 
We're the lucky ones. 
Many of the others 
are taken to Kabukicho Prison 
They're sent there to have Magatsuhi extracted from them. 
Excruciating torture awaits them there. 
I heard the demons saying something about catching a human. 
They'll torture anyone to death, even humans. 
I just heard some demons say that Momunofu was defeated. 
I can't believe someone beat that monster! 
Whoever did it must be a monster himself! 
Huh? Was a human girl captured? 
We caught a guy, but haven't heard anything 'bout a girl. 
Was she your 'bitch'? Your 'hoochie momma'? Such a lewd young man! 
You forced the door open. 
Huh? Whaddya want? 
Please join my party. 
Huh? You want me to join you? Hmmm 
I ain't gonna join with a puny wuss like you. Go home to your momma. 
What?! Screw you! 
Don't go talkin' to me if you don't have anything to say, you dumbass! 
It's really high 
Yes. 
Are you sure? 
Yes. 
Hey! Wake up! 
Stop sleeping! You're about to be escorted to court! 
A trial decided by power 
If you claim to be innocent, then pound your enemy into the ground! 
When he is just a quivering mass of flesh, you'll be set free. 
Hahahahaha! 
You can hear a voice from the other side 
Oh, a newcomer? 
You were probably thrown in here for a crime that you didn't commit, right? 
But, reason won't work with those Mantra guys! You probably figured that out already. 
If you want to get out of here, you'll have to impress them with your brute strength. 
Let me out of here! 
The Mantra are crazy! 
I can't fight. Someone, save me! 
We're beginning the hearing. Get out. 
What? 
Your entrance is on the other side. 
Or, are you trying to bribe me and get info outta me? 
Exactly. 
WHAT!? I can't believe you!! What the hell are you thinking!? 
You need to pay up before I spill the beans! 
C'mon, before anyone comes! Gimme 200 Macca 
Pay up. 
Alright Now, listen up! 
The way we handle disputes is with . 
If you lose even once, you're . 
You better make sure that you're . 
What? You want me to tell you more? 
Then gimme another 200 Macca. 
Okay, then I'll tell you a couple'a things 'bout your opponents. 
First off, there's a demon that's strong against Force attacks. Its weakness is . 
Next, is a demon that uses Elec attacks. Its weakness is , one of those. 
And lastly, there's a fire demon. Make sure to use to win. 
That's all the info I have, corky! Hurry up and get along before someone finds us. 
Okay, then I'll tell you some things about your opponents. 
First off 
! 
Hey, what're you doing!? 
You're not up to shenanigans, are you? 
N-No, I'm not! 
This guy That's it! This guy got lost, so I was tellin' him off! 
Hmmm Is that so Well, alright then 
Phew! That was a close one. 
I didn't notice him sneaking up, since he doesn't have footsteps. 
Alright, let's continue. It was about your opponent, right? 
Your first opponent is a demon that uses . 
You know what fire's weak against, right? 
The next is a lady that uses attacks with . And you know what? She's hot!! 
Maybe there'll be some between you two! 
And lastly 
The Mantra's number two. His packs quite a punch! So, look out! 
Bad news about that guy is that he has . 
That's all the info I have. 
Hurry up and get ready. The door's over there. Hope he doesn't suspect me. 
Then, hurry up and head for the other door. 
What? Forgot already? 
Gimme a break, man. 
Okay The hearing is made up of . You need to . 
Your first opponent is a demon that uses . 
You know what fire's weak against, right? 
The next is a lady that uses attacks with . And you know what? She's hot!! 
Maybe there'll be some between you two! 
And lastly 
The Mantra's number two. His packs quite a punch! So, look out! 
Bad news about that guy is that he has . 
That's all the info I have. 
Hurry up and get ready. The door's over there. Hope he doesn't suspect me. 
Hey! You don't have the cash! Stop messin' with me! 
Shit! 
They found me out and tossed me in here. 
Hey, who's my opponent? 
We will now hold a hearing according to the rules of the Mantra. 
I call upon the defendant, . Please come to the arena. 
You are charged with loitering in Ikebukuro and entering our headquarters. 
On top of that, demons saw you in the Great Underpass. You may be a Nihilo spy 
I further charge you with being a little sneak. Ikebukuro is the territory of the Mantra! 
Even if you are a newcomer, it is crime enough that you've shown us such flagrant disrespect! 
It's finally time 
I SHALL PASS RIGHTEOUS JUDGEMENT 
CAPITAL PUNISHMENT! THERE IS NO OTHER CHOICE. 
THINK OF HOW YOU WANT TO DIE. I'LL GIVE YOU TIME. 
I SEE YOU ARE READY. 
Are you ready? 
Yes. 
Just beating Orthrus isn't going to overturn the decision. 
Your sentence is death Ahh I want to cut you up right now! 
But, I'll give you some time. Make it fun for me. 
Is it okay, now? 
I am Thor. 
I commend your ability to fight. 
But 
r power work against me? 
My hammer shall be the judge. 
I will give you time to prepare. 
Now 
Show me your strength! 
You have done well. 
It seems that you have something other demons do not. 
Go and see . 
Our leader, Gozu-Tennoh, aims to build a utopia where only the strong may live. 
Gozu-Tennoh is at the top of this building. 
Your power may change the world. Remember that. 
This is for keeping me interested. 
is innocent. I give my word. 
Huh!? Innocent? O-Okay!! 
I-I have reached a verdict 
By the order of Thor No, out of respect for your power, 
I hereby declare you innocent! 
This court is adjourned! The defendant may now be released! 
Oh, so it's your turn? 
If you want, I can tell you who you're fighting today! 
500 should do the trick! 
Now you're talking! 
Okay The first battle is just to test your skills. It's still a humongous beast, though. 
That guy will probably burn you to ashes with his breath! 
Even if you win, you'll still have to face a blood-thirsty demon next. 
She's got defense, but more importantly, she packs a wallop of a punch! 
I'm sure you'll want to finish it fast, but it probably won't end the way you're hoping. 
Last is the judge himself! 
If you can withstand his lightning attacks, you'll be a free man. 
Well, that about does it. I don't think you'll win, but good luck anyways. 
Yes. 
I don't got time for starvin' demons. 
I knew you would be here 
Gozu-Tennoh has 
No The Mantra has been utterly destroyed by Nihilo's attack. 
The Assembly of Nihilo had a higher goal than just ruling over Tokyo. 
We, on the other hand, did nothing more than enforce a reign of terror. That is the reason we lost. 
And all those that we called comrades have deserted us. 
You had a friend who was being held prisoner here, did you not? 
Both of you are free to do whatever you want 
I have no business here anymore. 
There is no point in guarding an abandoned city. 
Farewell. 
I will go on a quest to realize my dream of a world where the strong thrive. 
If you are truly strong, then we shall meet again 
! 
! So you're hereugh! 
Damn those demons. How long do they plan to keep me locked up? 
I heard the news. You won the trial by combat, huh? 
I've managed to stay alive, too Well, sorta. I don't think they'll kill me just yet. 
I'm gonna find a way out, but I need some more time. My back's still sore, so 
! I heard about her! 
You know Nihilo has that Maiden, right? That's Ms. ! 
There's no time to lose! 
The Mantra are about to launch a full-scale attack on Nihilo! 
If she's caught She'll be killed! 
! You gotta save her! 
You can do it with your powers, right?! 
I can't do anything Please, ! 
I'm counting on you, ! Save Ms. ! 
I'm powerless but I know you can do it! 
. It's been a while 
I heard about you even from this cell. 
You participated in the attack on Nihilo, huh? 
Did you know that Ms. is the Maiden? That's what I wanted to tell you when I got caught, but 
Either way, it doesn't look like you brought her back 
, you're back 
isn't with you, is she? 
Damn, even you couldn't pull through I was counting on that demonic power of yours 
The Mantra's finished, Nihilo's gaining ground and we still have no idea where our teacher is 
What the hell are we doing, wandering around in this godforsaken world? 
I guess I have to place my bets on that guy. 
I heard a rumor about this incredible Manikin. 
They say he can see the future He actually predicted the fall of the Mantra. 
Maybe he can tell us about Ms. and what we should do from here. 
The last thing I heard was that he was taken to prison, so he's probably still there. 
I'm gonna head off to Kabukicho and look for him. 
There's no place where I can be safe So, I'll take my chances. 
Lates. 
left. 
Only the select few deserve to live. Don't you agree? 
Of course. 
I like your attitude. You can have this. 
Do not stray away from your belief 
Only the select few deserve to live. 
Keep that in mind 
Hmph, what a bore. 
I just wanted to test you. Please don't get angry 
Only the select few deserve to live. 
Yes. 
There is a Mystical Chest. 
Yes. 
You see a Cache Cube. 
Yes. 
It's empty. 
It's a trap. 
It's empty. 
found something. 
It can't be used here. 
Select a floor. 
Yes. 
You sense a strong power from beyond the door. 
Yes. 
The door is closed tight. 
I was caught again 
Go Nihilo! 
That's what I feel like yelling right now. 
Are you with the Mantra? 
Yes. 
Really? 
I knew it! 
It's back to having Magatsuhi squeezed outta me 
It was such a short-lived happiness 
There is no one in the jail cell. 
I'm a Nihilo demon I was caught spying. 
I'll tell ya somethin' good! 
The Mantra keeps something real valuable behind the door in the back. 
If you're caught by the Mantra, you'll either be thrown in this jail, or sent to prison. 
They drain the Magatsuhi out of you at the prison. It's bad. It's torture. 
I can't believe my sex appeal didn't work 
The Mantra can't appreciate true beauty! 
It seems that the Mantra are finally set on destroying the Nihilo. 
Do you know? 
A demon just won his case, and was set free. 
I hear he was young, but I'm sure he's a freak. 
If the Mantra beat Nihilo 
I might have to share my cell with a demon. 
D-Don't get near me! 
I-I'll shoot! 
, where we take prisoners to be tortured. 
Gozu-Tennoh has ordered that no one is to pass. 
Go away. 
You're the demon that Thor pardoned!? 
Then, go see Gozu-Tennoh. He's probably waiting for you on the top floor. 
Why!? 
Didn't we beat Nihilo!? 
You the demon who won the trial? 
You used physical attacks, huh? 
I mean, you can deal major damage if you get a critical hit. 
Well if your attack hits, that is. 
Then, screw you. 
Wha 
What the hell!? 
So, you're the young demon that Thor accepted? 
I've become your fan. 
Arrrrrrgh! 
That woman 
This is the doing of that human woman of Nihilo!! 
Let me tell you something, punk 
Just because Thor accepted you doesn't mean that I have! 
I'll show you that I'm stronger than you!! 
Oh It's you, the one who won the trial. 
Gozu-Tennoh is on the top floor. 
You can use the elevator just past the fighting arena to meet him. 
Finally, we have orders to attack Nihilo. 
You're going, right? Everyone already left. 
The Mantra are done for 
Guess it's your turn to fight, huh? 
I don't wanna be locked up in here I wanna fight! 
I want the blood of a young man! Blood! I want BLOOD! 
Oh, you got out? 
It's good being young. 
I want the blood of a young man! Blood! I want BLOOD! 
Why do I have to fight!? 
I'm innocent! Let me out of here! 
Oh It's you. 
Even if I win, I'll be sent to Kabukicho 
The cell door is closed tight. 
locked away in a jail cell down below. 
Humans are a great source of Magatsuhi, but it's hard not to kill such a weakling. 
Check him out sometime. 
What's wrong!? What's going on!? 
Hey, the prisoners are escaping! 
The losers of the trial are inside the Pretas' bellies. 
And, I clean up after them 
The Mantras went to attack Nihilo. 
There won't be any trials for a while. 
The Pretas here got hungry and left. 
Grrgehhh Gehhhhhh 
Me want Me want eat More losers 
Gehhhhhhh 
Me hungry 
Forget this gatekeeping shit 
My partner's already left 
I let that human kid go to Kabukicho Prison 
I just don't care anymore 
Let me tell you something, punk 
Just because Thor accepted you doesn't mean that I have! 
I'll show you that I'm stronger than you!! 
Dang! 
They found out about me leaking info to you, and tossed me in here. 
Hey, can you tell me who's my opponent? 
Ah Mr. Demon. 
Please save . 
I feel like I'm free, but our leader is still locked up. 
Futomimi, who leads us with prophecies, is still being held captive 
Kabukicho Prison! 
Futomimi is being held captive at Kabukicho Prison! 
Awoooo! 
Me no care about weaklings. 
Orthrus and Yaksini lost. They weak. 
Me no care for them! 
Grrrrr 
Where Gozu-Tennoh? 
Why he no save us? 
I heard some demons in Nihilo can cast deadly curses, and plague their enemies with ailments. 
The wrong match-up, and you're dead in one hit 
I just wanted to wreak havoc! 
I don't care about Gozu-Tennoh! 
I'm not taking this anymore! 
What? What? 
I'm not Gozu-Tennoh, you know! 
Huh? Huh? The Matra are attacking Nihilo? 
Really? Really? We're free? 
We're worked into the dirt by the Mantra. 
Please don't eat us. 
With the Mantra demons gone, I get to forget the pains of the world for a while. 
Please free Futomimi. 
Welcome to the citadel of Yosuga 
Did you know? 
I see 
H-How did you know!? Are you a master of clairvoyance? 
struggling for Magatsuhi, using the terminals. 
They must be fond of terminals, I reckon 
Quite amusing, if I do say so myself. After all, the world will soon be Yosuga's. 
will be the one to create the world. 
Her Reason, Yosuga, is the most refined. 
Come to think of it 
There's a demon at Kabukicho claiming to be an 
That's what I hear. 
The world only needs demons of Yosuga Quite annoying. 
That's what I used to hear, but not recently. 
Someone must have sent him to burning hell. Good riddance. 
Only the select few deserve to live. Don't you agree? 
Of course. 
I like your attitude. You can have this. 
Do not stray away from your belief 
Only the select few deserve to live. 
Keep that in mind 
Hmph, what a bore. 
I just wanted to test you. Please don't get angry 
Only the select few deserve to live. 
create a new world? 
But, since I agree with the Reason of Yosuga, I shall protect her. 
Yosuga, a world where only the strong survive 
What a splendid idea! 
This used to be a jail. 
Hmph Yosuga needs no jails! 
Why, you ask? Because the weak will die. 
The Yosuga demons went to the Obelisk to climb the Tower of Kagutsuchi. 
Yes. 
Add Candelabrum of Foundation to inventory? 
What do you want to do? 
Black Visor flag on 
Black Visor 
There is a huge pedestal. 
The switch has been activated. 
Yes. 
You lit the Candelabrum of Foundation. 
The candelabrum has been lit 
The flames illuminate the passage beyond. 
Please retrieve the next set of Candelabra and return them to the Labyrinth. 
We are deeply grateful for your work. 
The voice of the lady in black can be heard through the peephole 
The lady's voice could no longer be heard. 
The hole is blocked 
The path is blocked 
There is a shaft leading downward. 
Jump in? 
Return to the entrance of the Labyrinth? 
There is a peephole 
Yes. 
There is a switch. 
Yes. 
There is a tombstone without a name on it 
The inscription on the tombstone changed. 
The inscription on the tombstone remained the same. 
Record of Forneus: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of Forneus: Defeated in turn(s). 
It is inscribed, Here lies Forneus. 
You recall the battle against Forneus 
Record of Troll: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of Troll: Defeated in turn(s). 
It is inscribed, Here lies Troll. 
You recall the battle against Troll 
Record of Orthrus: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of Orthrus: Defeated in turn(s). 
It is inscribed, Here lies Orthrus. 
You recall the battle against Orthrus 
Record of Yaksini: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of Yaksini: Defeated in turn(s). 
It is inscribed, Here lies Yaksini. 
You recall the battle against Yaksini 
It's natural for every living thing to die Treatment, therefore, contradicts nature. 
So Did you come here to defy nature and be treated? 
No. 
Good. One lives, one dies That's the way it should be. 
I pray that you find rest soon. 
I am a doctor, after all. I'll treat your wounds. 
But, I'm gonna charge you Macca. Alright? 
Dr. Dark healed your party. 
Money first. Get outta here. 
Hey, are you having difficulties? 
Really? Lucky you *sigh* 
Yeah, I thought so. Same here. 
If you give me some Macca, I'll tell you what I know. How about it? 
No money to spare? That's okay, I don't have any either *sigh* 
Really!? I appreciate it. 
You gave him 2000 Macca. 
Next time you're on the floor above, pay attention to the ceiling. 
Grrrrr Are you a human, or a demon? 
I hate humans. They're so cruel 
Don't come near me! 
I'm Kamala. I like demons. They're my friends. 
Come see me anytime. I'll tell you all about the . 
I'm a human. 
Hey, you're back! I have something important to tell you. Wanna hear it? 
There are these Fiends that stole treasures from this Labyrinth, 
and they ran away to somewhere called the Vortex World. 
I hope that helps! 
Hey, you're back! I have something important to tell you. Wanna hear it? 
Um, I sense the presence of a Fiend in . 
So, I think you should stay away from there. 
I hope that helps! 
Um, I sense the presence of a Fiend on . 
Huh? Wait, there's another one 
It's on . 
I think you're better off avoiding that place. 
Huh? Wait, there's another one 
It's . 
I wouldn't go there, if I were you. 
Huh? Wait, there's another one 
Uh oh, this one's coming after you. 
You'd better watch out! 
Huh? Wait, there's another one 
It's in . 
I wouldn't go there, if I were you. 
Huh? Wait, there's another one 
It's in . 
I wouldn't go there, if I were you. 
Huh? Wait, there's another one 
It's on an underground road in Asakusa that leads to a park. 
I wouldn't go there, if I were you. 
Huh? Wait, there's another one 
It's on . 
I wouldn't go there, if I were you. 
Huh? Wait, there's another one 
It's . 
I wouldn't go there, if I were you. 
Let's see 
I don't think there are any Fiends around right now. 
So, it's safe to walk around! 
Um, there's a Fiend that's coming after you. 
He's looking for you in different cities. 
Don't let him catch you off-guard! 
Um, I sense the presence of a Fiend in . 
Um, I sense the presence of a Fiend in . 
Um, I sense the presence of a Fiend on an underground road in Asakusa that leads to a park. 
Huh? Wait a minute. 
I sense one in the Third Kalpa of this Labyrinth too. 
Be careful, okay? 
Um, I sense the presence of a Fiend in . 
I think you should stay away from there. 
But, something's kinda weird This one feels different than the others. I wonder why? 
Um, I sense the presence of a Fiend on . 
Um, I sense the presence of a Fiend . 
You know what? I think all the Fiends are gone. That means 
You don't have to worry about them anymore! Yay! 
WELCOME, MIGHTY DEMON. LONG HAVE I WAITED FOR ONE SUCH AS YOU. 
NOW, COME TO MY MASTER. 
HOWEVER, YOU ARE NOT YET STRONG ENOUGH. 
YOU MUST OVERCOME ALL DEATHS, AND ATTAIN ULTIMATE STRENGTH. 
IT IS THEN THAT YOU WILL RETURN TO ME. 
I WILL BE WAITING 
Cerberus left 
Gee, you look worn out. 
Would you like to rest for a while? Only 500 Macca! 
Oh Well, please come again! 
Oh, you don't have enough Macca Come back when you do. 
You must be thirsty. Here, have a drink 
Go ahead, have some more 
Are you feeling better? Here's some more 
Have another drink 
Your wallet feels really light 
Yes. 
There is a Mystical Chest. 
Yes. 
You see a Cache Cube. 
Yes. 
It's empty. 
It's a trap. 
It's empty. 
found something. 
It can't be used here. 
Select a floor. 
Yes. 
. 
It is a world completely different from the Vortex World which you came from. 
It is divided into several regions called , and at the very bottom resides our master, the ruler of chaos 
If your wish is to pursue the path of creation as a human then there is no reason for you to stay here long. 
A human's soul can learn, but his body is mortal. A demon is immortal, but his soul never changes. 
I wonder how it is for you, since you're both human and demon 
There is no place in the Labyrinth where you can rest. 
The demons are all here for a , so I doubt they'll join you. 
Prepare yourself well if you don't want to die. 
On the day we fell from heaven, time came to a halt for us 
It remains unchanging, like the still of the night. 
We demons await the master's words, his proclamation of a new beginning 
That's what a demon I met earlier told me, but I have no idea what it means. 
I'm glad you made it here. 
If you get stronger, 
I'll sell you something special. 
I've got nothing else to sell you. Hey, don't worry. 
I'm sure there are other brokers besides me in this Labyrinth. 
You're pretty strong. 
I'll sell you something special. Interested? 
On second thought, forget what I just said. 
The demon you have there Yeah, the one that's kinda red and has long eyes 
As long as you've got that demon with you, I can't sell you mine. Come back after you get rid of it. 
You're pretty strong. 
I'll sell you something special. 
Uh Wait a minute, your party's full. 
If you want a new companion, make some room first and then come back. 
Here's what I'm selling 
a demon that can see through anything. With this guy around, any maze is a piece of cake. 
It'll be a perfect companion when exploring a new area. 
I'm asking 15000 Macca. I know it's kinda high, but it's well worth the price So, you want it? 
Alright, I'll buy it. 
Excellent choice! 
You purchased a demon from the Shady Broker. 
I-I Pisaca!! 
Nice m-meet you 
The demon is quivering 
That's fine. If you change your mind, feel free to come back anytime. 
Hey hey hey, you don't have enough Macca. 
Come back when you have more money, okay? 
You're an outsider, aren't ya? 
I can tell just by looking at you. 
The Labyrinth of Amala is like a reverse world to most newcomers. 
All things have a front and a back, and only by knowing both sides can you fully understand them. 
The truth of this world can only be discovered at the very bottom of the Labyrinth. 
Have you noticed the writing on the tombstones? 
It's inscribed as the demons are killed by you-know-who 
to open this vault. 
I dunno about the vault on the other side, though. 
Read the writing on the tombstones while wearing the 
Hey, are you having difficulties? 
Really? Lucky you *sigh* 
Yeah, I thought so. Same here. 
If you give me some Macca, I'll tell you what I know. How about it? 
No money to spare? That's okay, I don't have any either *sigh* 
Really!? I appreciate it. 
You gave him 10000 Macca. 
Next time you're on the floor above, pay attention to the ceiling. 
The door is locked 
You used the . 
There is a shaft leading downward. 
Jump in? 
There is a shaft leading upward. 
Jump in? 
The path is blocked 
There is a tombstone without a name on it 
Do me a favor 
Don't bother me 
My pleasure. 
Then, give me 10000 Macca. If you don't like it, then go somewhere else. So, do you want me to help you or not? 
Dr. Dark healed your party. 
A riot broke out yesterday at Yoyogi Park, regarding the construction of a communications tower. 
The demonstration got out of hand, and there have been several deaths and injuries reported. 
Also, , the top executive of Cybers Communication, is still missing. 
The news continues 
Now, for the latest in sports, we move over to Mannaka! 
Now, for the latest in entertainment, we move over to Ashimoto! 
And now, over to Kei for the latest in sports! 
Stay tuned to see what the weather forecast has planned. 
No one is here. 
You have no business here. 
Yoyogi Park is sealed off. 
There is a note on the door. 
The entrance to the annex is closed. Please use the entrance to the main building. 
Hey, hey! Yoyogi Park's all closed off, 'cause there was a riot. 
Yes. 
There is a Mystical Chest. 
Yes. 
You see a Cache Cube. 
Yes. 
It's empty. 
It's a trap. 
It's empty. 
found something. 
It can't be used here. 
Select a floor. 
Message Test. Next are the choices 
Yes. 
Yes, you say? 
No, you say? 
The riot at Yoyogi Park? 
Oh, you mean that thing they're showing on TV? 
It doesn't seem real to me! I feel like this riot happened in another world or something 
Well, I don't really have anything to do with it anyway. 
You can overhear a couple's conversation. 
Did you hear about the riot?! Three people died, right??? Eeek! I'm so scared!! 
You're such a scaredy-cat! C'mon, baby, every night we start our own 'riot of love'! 
You're such a pervert! But, I love that about you!! *giggle* 
. 
You said you were going to visit Ms. today, right? 
Just because she's beautiful, don't go doing weird things to her, okay!? 
entrances to Yoyogi Park have been closed off. 
We ask for your cooperation. 
There is a live report going on 
I feel that the demonstrators' actions were out of line 
But, even I can't forgive Cybers Communication for destroying the park for their own profits! 
The reporter's impassioned speech continues 
. What's up? 
Did you hear the rumor about Yoyogi Park? 
Yes. 
Well it's just a rumor. 
I heard, on the night of the riot, a was spotted at Yoyogi Park. 
It was a terrible demon that killed all those people! 
Well it's just a rumor. 
You can hear some ladies talking. 
Did you hear??? About Shinjuku Medical Center 
You mean the rumor that it's being run by some crazy group called the ? 
That's the one!! Aren't cults horrifying??? You never know what they're gonna to do!! 
The Yoyogi Park riot The Gaea cult controlling Shinjuki Medical Center 
But, we don't have anything to do with it! 
Not again I need ma' pills! 
The up ahead hasn't been open for awhile. What's goin' on? 
By gum! Lately, I've been havin' me a recurrin' dream 
It's a dream where da world becomes round 
By gum! I means ter say Da world IS round, but it got round-er, ya see!? 
I think it's a prophetic dream, but no one believes me By gum! 
The news is showing on the giant video display 
Wowie! 
What's up with everyone here? 
Everyone's so dang crabby, even after the riot! 
By the way Do you wanna have a good time with me??? 
Geez, kids today 
There were even fatalities, yet it's like a carnival here. 
Just a while back, a walked in. 
Kids today are so thoughtless 
You overhear a conversation between some high school girls 
Don'tcha think that Hikawa guy's cool? 
As if! He's got all those bad rumors about him floating around! 
Oh, gawd! That's what makes him so cool! 
. 
He had a giant sword on his back, and looked dangerous! 
But, I swear I've seen him somewhere before Hmmm 
Hello, and welcome. 
Just as I foresaw, you have come to Asakusa. 
We are fated to meet again Although, that is all I can say at this point. 
Have you looked around Asakusa? 
Everyone is doing their best to restore the city. 
This is the first city we Manikins have ever considered as our own, after all. 
However 
Though you may 'see' our land, you may not 'enter' it any further. 
This is the holy land of the Manikins, . 
Beyond here is our motherland, where we were born 
Even if we owe you our lives, I cannot allow you past here. 
I'm truly sorry 
Now, I must return to my meditations. I have to foresee our new future. 
I need to find out what I need to do to create a world where Manikins can live in peace. 
Oh, yes. 
Beware of a Manikin named . 
He's a traitor to our cause, having committed various atrocities. 
He's probably hiding out somewhere in Asakusa 
He might cause you some trouble, but please understand that he is not one of us. 
Now, I must be going 
Futomimi left. 
The door is closed tight. 
There is no response from the Manikin. 
There is no response from the Manikin. 
The mirror at your feet is emitting light. 
Yes. 
No one is here. 
Everyone, listen to me. 
What I am about to say is critical to our future. 
Every one of you has worked hard for our peace, ever since we escaped from the Mantra. 
But, another power is being born that can potentially bring our efforts to naught. 
Yes, it's Yoyogi 
This evil power will take form at . 
Right now, it is but a mere shadow. 
However, when it takes form, it will have enough power to change the face of the world. 
Yoyogi Park? 
A threat to Manikins? 
But, we should not fear this. 
We have learned to work together. If we join forces, we will be able to fight this evil power. 
Let us work harder and prepare for that time. 
We will not fall to the power that is brewing in Yoyogi Park 
The future is there for us to change. We will create our own path. 
There will be an end to our journey, a world where we are free from suffering 
Yes, the world of Manikins will surely come 
Look! They're searching for survivors 
Are we all going to die? 
There is no response from the Manikin. 
I-I'm scared 
I I can't I can't fight Th-There's n-no way I could beat a d-demon 
I don't wanna die I don't wanna die!!!! 
I know! Y-You're a good demon, right? 
Th-Then, save me! B-Beat those other demons! 
Leave it to me. 
Thank goodness! 
Then I'll be hiding in here, so hurry 
Wha? 
Y-You're a no good demon!! You're the same as them! 
W-What's wrong? Hurry Beat them, hurry! 
W-What? Leave me alone 
No one is here. 
Well, if it isn't the Demi-fiend himself! We heard there was an unfamiliar demon here. 
To have made it this far greatly enforces what Lady thinks of you. 
You are much different from those mud puppets who can only talk about creation. 
It vexes me how the mud puppets cling to their futile dream 
A world without hierarchy, where everyone lives equally in peace *chuckle* 
As followers of Yosuga, it is not to be tolerated. 
Exactly. 
We must destroy their hopes before a monstrosity such as that even begins to take shape 
Don't you agree? 
Yes, I do. 
Just as we thought 
After we finish off the mud puppets, Lady 's god shall descend upon us. 
I hope we can meet again for that magnificent sight 
Are you sympathizing with the mud puppets!? 
So be it. 
After we finish off the mud puppets, Lady 's god shall descend upon us. 
Once you see that magnificent sight, your opinion shall change 
Farewell! 
The demons left. 
pts. Shijima: pts. Yosuga: pts. 
Yes. 
There is a Mystical Chest. 
Yes. 
You see a Cache Cube. 
Yes. 
It's empty. 
It's a trap. 
It's empty. 
found something. 
It can't be used here. 
Select a floor. 
Futomimi is in the back, meditating to see the future. 
Please be quiet!! 
Futomimi's prophecies have never been wrong. 
I heard that Futomimi is coming out, so I rushed here to see. 
I don't see him! Did I miss it? 
I was so wrapped up in Futomimi's words, I completely forgot 
I need to restore the city! I need to rush back! 
Futomimi's prophecies are also advice for those who hear them. 
They tell us what we should do. 
Futomimi mentioned Yoyogi Park. 
There must be something important there. 
A girl 
A demon-like girl came to steal our Magatsuhi 
The girl said mud dolls cannot conceive a Reason 
Is that true? 
There is no response from the Manikin. 
We finally were freed and built our own city 
Because we tried to take part in creation 
Ugh It hurts. 
No No matter how hard we work we are no match for demons, or for humans 
We should have run 
Up ahead 
A girl and Futomimi 
There is no response from the Manikin. 
The Manikin is holding on to something. 
Yes. 
The girl is below in our holy land 
Futomimi chased after her 
's god will descend upon us, and we will conceive our Reason. 
All that's left is to finish off that arrogant mud puppet, Futomimi 
Our goals are the same just as I suspected. 
You know, I have to admit. You've got guts. 
I'm impressed that you made it this far. 
But, it's gonna get a lot more dangerous from here. 
You think you're playing with fire? You're gonna get more than just burned. 
That's why I want to offer my services to you. 
A demon hiring a demon slayer 
It's the joke of the century, don't ya think? 
So, how 'bout it? 
Okay, I'll hire you. 
Alright then, let's talk business. 
I usually charge an outrageous amount of money. But in this case, I'll make an exception. 
Let's flip a coin. 
Heads or tails 
If you win, just give me a dollar Oh yeah, it's Macca here, isn't it? Give me 1 Macca then. 
But if you lose you'll have to give me half of what you've got. 
Call it. Heads or tails? 
Heads. 
Heads it is. You're lucky, kid. 
Okay, you get the special discount price of 1 Macca. 
paid 1 Macca to Dante. 
It's heads. You lose. I didn't think you'd fall for a simple trick like this, but 
a deal is a deal. Pay up! 
gave half of his money to Dante. 
Thank you very much. Starting today, I work for you. 
So, what's your name? 
Tell him. 
introduced himself to Dante. 
I see. Not a bad name. 
. 
Shall we go pay a visit to the ruler of hell? His servants' heads will make nice souvenirs. 
Not very social, are you? 
It doesn't matter, the old guy already told me your name. 
. 
Shall we go pay a visit to the ruler of hell? His servants' heads will make nice souvenirs. 
The final battle between demons and the army of god This'll be interesting. 
Lighten up. It was just a joke. 
Well anyways, I'll be here for a while. 
Come back if you change your mind. 
You've got a lot of company with you. Why don't you come back after you've cleaned house? 
There's no need to rush; I'll be here for a while. See ya later, kid. 
I knew you'd come back. 
So, are you ready to hire the number one demon slayer? 
If you are, just let me know. I'm good to go. 
So, you finally came to your senses, huh? Alright then, let's talk business. 
I usually charge an outrageous amount of money, but in this case, I'll make an exception. 
Let's flip a coin. 
Quit complaining, this is the last job I have for you. 
You can rest as long as you want after you're done. 
I hate this. Magatsuhi makes my body itch all over. 
Let's just get this over with. I need my beauty sleep. 
Well, what can I say? We all serve a purpose You guys are the stepping stones. 
It's a tough job, but someone's gotta do it, right? 
Thanks for all the trouble you've gone through, . 
The Magatsuhi those foreign gods were hoarding is now mine. 
It's enough to bring my Reason, Musubi, into being. 
What are you doing? 
I'm preparing for the ritual of Reason. 
See that? The Magatsuhi he's gathering will give power to my Reason. 
To be honest with you, , I'm not the one who came up with this brilliant idea. He did. 
Of course, he planned to use the Magatsuhi himself 
and it would have been you or me hanging up there!! 
Why do you always have to be such a goody two-shoes? 
You think you know everything. 
Listen, I'm not the one who came up with this idea. He did. 
Of course, he planned to use the Magatsuhi himself 
and it would have been you or me hanging up there!! 
Yeah, I came up with the plan, but that doesn't mean I would've carried it out. 
Oh, I'm sure you would have. 
In a world like this, one life doesn't amount to much 
You said that, remember? 
It doesn't matter what I say now, does it? It'll just sound like an excuse to you. So, go ahead and do whatever it is you're gonna do. 
Most things that are worthwhile require some sort of sacrifice. 
I've made many sacrifices in my lifetime. But, I've always followed the path that I believe in. 
Just remember, you'll pay a high price for following that path. 
Don't worry. Like you said, it's my decision. I'm the one in charge here. 
. 
You've been such a good friend. To show my gratitude 
I'd like you to perform the ritual to summon the god of Musubi. 
We have plenty of Magatsuhi. 
The only thing left to do is cast him into the depths of Amala 
It'd be my pleasure. 
Thanks for keeping me entertained, . Good luck to ya 
Too bad. You must have mistaken him for a friend. 
The world doesn't need guys like him. They only take up space. 
Oh well I guess I'll have to finish this myself. 
Okay, it's time to say goodbye. Soon, you'll have all the rest you could ever want. 
Ha ha ha Try your best, kid 
. 
This is what happens when you cross the true master of Amala. 
How should I act at a time like this? 
Should I be happy? 
Like, I'm glad we're both okay.? 
, right? I can tell. 
Don't worry Nothing phases me anymore. 
I realized 
No matter how much I cry or shout, this nightmare won't end. 
I'm a little tired. 
Do you know what happened to the world? 
The Conception occurred. 
The Conception? 
You mean 
What was written in that magazine actually happened? 
I see. 
I feel sick to my stomach. 
I see. 
I fell unconscious at the hospital, 
and when I woke up, there were demons everywhere. 
No one was around, and my cell phone didn't work. 
So, I ran outside for help, but 
it wasn't just the hospital that had changed. 
You saw how it was out there, right? 
I couldn't even tell where my house used to be 
I seriously thought that I was the only person still alive. 
I'm so glad to see you, . 
Maybe there's still hope. 
There's got to be other survivors, don't you think? 
and might be around somewhere, too. 
I'll go look for them. 
I'm not ready to give up entirely. 
They must be alive. Fate can't be that cruel. 
Otherwise I don't know what I'll do. 
Well, what do we have here? 
Who dares to disrupt this stillness? 
How irritating 
A well-known poet once said, 
April is the cruelest month. 
Why? Because it is then that one must wake up from a long sleep and face the barren world. 
Looking back on the past, it is evident that the history of mankind is comprised of meaningless events. 
The worthless overgrowth of a civilization blind to its sins, 
continuous bloodshed and war, 
and thousands of years of repeating the same mistakes again and again. 
The world must start over from the beginning. 
The way to salvation was foretold in the Scripture of Miroku, and today is the day that the prophecy shall be fulfilled. 
The old world will sink like a setting sun, and the new world will arise in its place. 
Who are you? 
From what I remember, you're not one of our followers who survived the purge at the park. 
An acquaintance of Ms. ? 
Come to think of it, this was a hospital, wasn't it? I see, you came to visit her. 
Such a troublesome Maiden. 
Well I'll leave the teaching to the teacher. 
Please leave this room. 
I would like to enjoy this blissful end in solitude. 
, I'll be waiting on the roof. 
We'll have a good view of the city from there. 
Come, see it with your own eyes. 
Witness that which will change the world 
However, even a pebble creates ripples when cast in water. 
I do feel pity for you, but 
your life ends here! 
Do not fear. 
All the inhabitants of this world will follow before long. 
Your time has come just a bit sooner, that's all. 
Face him. 
Fool 
No one can overcome their fate. 
What a futile attempt 
One should face death honorably. 
Stop! 
What, can't you let one person go? 
It should have absolutely no effect on our plan. 
The insignificance of the gesture makes no difference. I will not allow any exceptions. 
If you don't save him I'll stop cooperating with you. 
You should've just handed over your Magatsuhi 
But instead, you decided to oppose me That was too funny. 
Well, I'm not complaining. Now, I have this new skin to add to my collection 
!! 
Who's there!? 
Damn, you had me scared for a second I thought those Manikins were back. 
They're pretty weak, all of them except this one guy that escaped from the Mantra 
He's been giving me a headache recently. 
It would've made my life a lot easier if he'd been killed in Ikebukuro. 
I should thank him, though, for bringing his followers here. It's like free Magatsuhi. 
I've been collecting Magatsuhi Eventually, I'll have enough power to dominate all demons. 
You're a demon; you know how it is. 
You're thirsty for some Magatsuhi yourself, aren't ya? 
Yeah, I am. 
That's what I thought. 
Hey, I think you and I will get along just fine. 
You don't want Magatsuhi? You're one weird demon. 
Well, it's time for me to go. 
Maybe we'll meet again, maybe not. We'll see. 
Just remember I'm Sakahagi, the future ruler of the demons 
You who are about to ascend my tower, and who wishes to enter the light 
Show me your heart 
I see a Reason as tranquil as a still lake 
I see a Reason as fierce as a raging flame 
I see a Reason as hard as a flawless gem 
To breathe your Reason into the act of creation 
If such is your goal, then come before me with the ! 
You who are about to ascend my tower, and who wishes to enter the light 
Show me your heart 
I cannot see within your heart 
Who are you? Is your purpose in accordance with my will? 
If you dare, then come before me with the 
You who are about to ascend my tower, and who wishes to enter the light 
Show me your heart 
All I see is darkness inside you 
No light remains in your heart, and your purpose is in defiance of my will 
If you dare, then come before me with the 
That swordsman with immeasurable strength and two pistols I see you survived the battle against him. 
The demon inside you will continue to be your source of strength during your quest. 
Power It is sought by all. 
Whether it is the power of light, or the power of darkness, people rely on it, and pray 
They pray, wishing for greater power 
A woman you know well prayed to a god in hopes of saving the world 
Let me tell you about that god 
Aradia, god of falsehood 
She is from a Vortex World beyond the boundaries of this world. 
In the Amala Universe, where time and space melt together and flow as one, 
there exist countless Vortex Worlds. 
One of these worlds is where Aradia originated. 
As you are already aware, 
this Vortex World was made by the true power of creation. 
But, in shadow lies a world where those branded as false gather, 
and that is the Vortex World where Aradia once resided. 
Those who dwell there wish for one thing: 
for their existence to become real 
To find the means, they depart into the ocean of Amala and seek out worlds that hold the power of creation. 
Aradia is a tragic savior born of dreams. 
She emerged in response to the cries of witches who were persecuted for their beliefs. 
The witches prayed to Aradia for power and freedom 
They also prayed for people to be saved from the hardships of life. 
However, Aradia never showed herself on earth, nor did she save anyone. 
She was a god who could only give hope to her believers. 
Humans, whom god created, created a new god 
Anything is possible in the vast ocean of Amala. 
Nevertheless, Aradia is still an outsider. 
There is little that she can do in a Vortex World where her existence is forbidden. 
She is merely the god of forsaken freedom 
There are many you have spoken to: the Fiends us 
You have heard the voice of the Absolute One, too. 
But, please know this 
In the everlasting flow of Amala, we have long waited for you for this time to come. 
The true significance of the candelabra and the Labyrinth of Amala, 
the new demon of chaos, whom all are waiting for in anticipation, 
and the final moment that my master awaits 
You must be overwhelmed by it all. 
If you can restore the candelabra to their original places and come here once again, 
then at that time 
I will tell you the answers to all of your questions. 
We exist to watch o'er the candelabra 
As long as thou seekest the candelabra thou art mine enemy 
I the Black Rider shall judge thee 
Thy death draweth nigh, o sinful one 
Oh, you're back. 
You know that special report at the beginning of the magazine? 
Well, it says some things that are a little disturbing. 
According to the report, there's a group of demon worshippers who call themselves the Gaea cult 
They're right here in Japan. 
Anyway, they believe in this book of prophecy called the Scripture of Miroku. 
In that book, it says that chaos will befall the world, 
and these people are actually trying to make that happen. 
The reporter was unable to learn what is meant by chaos 
It could be worldwide terrorism, or some other tragedy. But 
Oh yeah, there's something else you should know. 
When I told about it, he went off on his own to look for Ms. some more. 
He asked me to give you this. I guess he found it somewhere and just took it. 
I'll stay here. 
I hope you guys find her soon. 
. ? 
. . 
. ? . 
. 
. ? . 
. 
. ? . 
. 
. ? . 
. 
. ? . 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
2002. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
? . 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
I even checked the men's room. 
*sigh* I don't think we needed to know that. 
We're in the middle of a conversation, so please save the details for later. 
Now, where were we? Oh yeah, read this part. 
A hospital on the east side of Shinjuku is closely linked to their plan 
Let me guess It ends with, More to come in our next issue, right? 
You know, this could be the hospital that they're referring to. 
I've heard weird stories about this place. 
Things like they experiment on patients, and how a psychic got scared and ran outta here 
There was also one about the hospital being under the influence of some cult 
Really? 
I haven't heard those things before. Maybe we shouldn't have come 
I don't normally take this kind of magazine too seriously, but 
There's definitely something wrong with this hospital. 
I'm worried about Ms. . 
Hey, let's look around some more. If we don't find anything, then at least we'll know that there's nothing bad here. 
It looks like you can access the annex from the second floor. 
I'll go take a look. 
. You can use this to search the basement. 
Why don't you search the basement yourself? 
You're not scared, are you? 
O-Of course not! 
I'm sure she's not down there, that's why I'm having go! 
needs to do is confirm that Ms. isn't in the basement. 
It's my duty to see her in person. 
If something does happen, , just run like hell! Alright? 
*sigh* I can't believe him sometimes. 
But now, I'm worried about Ms. . We should make sure she's okay. 
This is the Cathedral of Shadows What is your bidding? 
This is the Cathedral of Shadows The heavens shine brightly. What is your bidding? 
This is the Cathedral of Shadows What is your bidding, cursed one? 
Kagutsuchi is at its brightest 
Are you sure? 
You aren't strong enough to control it 
You already have one in your party 
Hmmm? It seems an unexpected demon was born. 
Hmmm? It seems it is more powerful than expected. 
No one is registered yet. 
There is already a record of this 
has been registered. 
Macca. Are you okay with that? 
Macca But, it seems you don't have enough. 
What do you want to know? 
Come back again. 
Yes. 
These are the demons that differ from the records. 
There is already a record of this 
The record has been updated. 
Hmmm That is everyone. 
. Are you okay with that? 
I have succeeded in summoning . 
But, it seems you don't have enough. 
You already have one in your party 
Even I cannot handle this man 
Is it okay to register everyone? 
I registered everyone. 
The lost its brilliance 
of the clan. Nice ta meetcha, mister. 
of the clan. You'd better take good care of me. 
of the clan. A pleasure to meet you. 
of the clan. Let's have some fun together! 
clan. Let's go, hee ho! 
OF THE CLAN. NICE TO MEET YOU. 
of the clan. Charmed, I'm sure 
of the clan. I can't wait to kick some ass! 
of the clan. Let's take it easy, sonny! 
of the clan. I'm glad to meet you 
of the clan. I am at thy command. 
You can't fuse a Manikin, fool. And, they call 'me' a dummy!? 
of the clan. At your service! 
of the clan. I place my life in your hands. 
clan is shaking. 
It seems to have accepted you as its master. 
. Me eat everyone!! 
Kagutsuchi shines On the path to victory The sweet scent of blood. 
Take me, , with you and we'll raise hell! 
! Victory shall be yours! Death shall be mine! 
. My anger is hell's blessing 
. Allow me to hold your funeral 
Haha! I am the ! Behold my overflowing power! 
. Time for another war, eh? 
. My thirst for blood shall never be quenched 
. I shall be witness to your death. 
Hohohoho! Listen carefully! I am the ! Now, entertain me! 
. With the echoes of my trumpet, your enemies shall perish 
. I'll lend the Demi-fiend my power. 
. I entrust my wrath to you 
. I have returned from the dead to help. 
! Hyahaha! Ya want me to kill some more? 
This is the true form of . Let us hurry, Demi-fiend. 
Fusion is the ritual of fusing two demons together to form a new one. 
You can usually create a demon with a higher level than the two you originally fused. 
You are essentially trading in two demons for one, so you will be losing a member. 
It is always important that you keep in mind the ability of your members before fusing them. 
Some demons don't fuse with others, like those from dark and light alliances. 
If you want to survive, be sure not to forget these basics. 
I assume that you are already aware that demons are categorized into 'races' 
You should also be aware that the races 'Element' and 'Mitama' are special. 
If you fuse them together, the outcome will differ from that of a normal fusion. 
If you fuse a normal demon with an Element, it will become another demon of the same race. 
If you fuse it with a Mitama, it will not be reborn, but it will become more powerful. 
It would be wise to remember that. 
Kagutsuchi is the source of all light present in the middle of the world 
Its light has special powers, and makes demons go mad. 
When it is shining its brightest, you can use the light for fusion. 
By offering another demon as a sacrifice, you can use 'sacrificial fusion'. 
Sacrificial fusion will allow you to create demons with higher stats and more skills. 
There are demons that can only be born from sacrificial fusion. 
If you use it right, it will be of great benefit to you. 
Just remember that you can't offer a sacrifice if you're fusing with a Mitama. 
Also, accidents often occur when Kagutsuchi is at its brightest. 
The choice is up to you 
As minister, I am always doing my best when fusing. 
But, nothing is always definite. 
Sometimes there are accidents during the ritual. 
When that happens, even I don't know what will be born. 
Just remember that there is always a chance that something may go wrong 
The demons born from fusion may remember the skills of the previous demons. 
So, if you use it right, you can have a demon with innate skills. 
We do not know everything about it yet, but let me tell you three things 
First, the skills carried over changes every time you select the demons to be fused. 
Second, the new demon has affinities with certain skills, making some easier to remember. 
Third, the level of the demons to be fused affects how many skills are carried over. 
So, you see, leveling up the demons you already have is never a waste. 
Remember that. 
The book that holds all of the information about demons is known as the 'Demonic Compendium'. 
If a demon joins your party, it will automatically be recorded in the Compendium. 
Those recorded can be summoned to any Cathedral of Shadows. 
Also, if you level up a demon and register it, you will be able to summon it at that level. 
But, remember that it'll cost you money to summon a demon. 
The stronger the demon, the more it'll cost you. 
With the power they have sealed inside, Magatama can change humans into demons. 
Each Magatama's powers are unique, giving their host new skills. 
There are Magatama that can give techniques that no other demon has ever seen or used. 
When will it give out new techniques? Ask the Magatama itself. 
You can tell when the time is near by its movement. 
We help those who use Magatama in order to fulfill our duty. 
When you have collected all the Magatama That will be the time to carry out our mission. 
Come back to the Cathedral of Shadows once you have collected all the Magatama. 
. I'm glad that the commotion at Yoyogi Park has settled down. 
It's pretty scary, when you think about it the struggle for power. Who knows, the end of this world might come sooner than we think 
I can only assume that was absorbed by the Amala Network, 
because I can't find any trace of him. Oh well, I guess working alone gets you nowhere. 
By the way, do you happen to know what's going on in Ikebukuro? 
I heard that Gozu-Tennoh is back, and gaining power. 
It's probably just a rumor, though, since his body was shattered into pieces. 
It doesn't make any difference. 
As soon as I seize control of Amala, it'll all be over 
I'll continue my research on Amala. I'm almost there 
Why don't you check out Ikebukuro? 
Oh I wasn't expecting you, . 
My master is resting right now. 
If you're here for information, I'd be glad to help you. 
Is there anything else you want to ask about, ? 
Alright. 
I'll try to help you as much as I can. 
So, what is it that you'd like to know about? 
Then, you should get going. 
I look forward to seeing you again 
I want to ask you about something. 
The Vortex World 
Okay 
Listen closely. 
Then, you should get going. 
I look forward to seeing you again 
I see that your quest for the candelabra is going well. 
Those that stole the candelabra are unique and powerful demons 
, manifestations of death. 
Now that I think about it, 
this all started because of one man who caused the Conception in the previous world. 
The Conception Because of it, the Vortex World was born. 
Kagutsuchi is the source of light and power for this world. 
You who once lived as a human must be wandering this world without any understanding. 
To show my appreciation, I would like to share with you my knowledge of the Vortex World and Kagutsuchi. 
Kagutsuchi It is the light whose sole purpose is to empower the one who will oversee creation. 
Creation is the act of bringing a new world into existence, made possible by the annihilation of the old world. 
Kagutsuchi will allow a life form of its choosing to determine the course of the new world. 
There must be those in Tokyo who yearn to be chosen by Kagutsuchi, in order to realize their vision. 
The shape of the world to come depends on who is chosen, and what their Reason is. 
In the vast Amala Universe, this Vortex World is not the only place where creation occurs. 
Kagutsuchi rises, matures, and falls in countless other places. 
There are millions--no, billions of worlds that you are unaware of, and they all experience the cycle of death and rebirth. 
That is the way of Amala, as determined by the Great Will. 
With my master, I have watched how myriads of worlds came into being, how life prospered in those worlds, and how they fell to ruin 
all that time, seeking the answer to the unanswerable question, Why is a world reborn? 
But now 
We may be on the verge of finding the answer 
and it is your actions which hold the key. 
Please retrieve the remaining candelabra as soon as possible, and then come see my master. 
My master has high hopes for you. 
The fallen angel has bestowed upon you great strength. Do not lose your life and let this gift be in vain. 
. 
My master is resting right now. 
I want you to know that I'm always thinking about you. 
The Fiends possess strength beyond compare But, I have confidence in you. 
, 
I know that you'll return all the candelabra to the Labyrinth of Amala. 
Hey, are you listening? 
Let's get going. will get mad if we make her wait too long. 
You received a new e-mail. 
Hi, how are you? 
I'm doing much better. I think I'm ready to leave the hospital pretty soon. 
My doubts and fears have caused you all a lot of trouble. 
But, you've overcome these obstacles and saved me. 
Back then, the world looked so sad to me. 
That's probably because I was sad myself. 
But, I've changed my thinking, and I'm going to continue on with my life. 
No matter what the world is like, I won't give up. I'm going to believe in myself 
What am I saying? You already know all this. 
If it wasn't for you, we wouldn't even be here right now. 
Thank you. 
No one is here. 
There is no response. 
You need something to activate it. 
There is a mysterious wall. 
Yes. 
You used the Umugi Stone. 
The building has been shrouded in a mirage. 
You left it as is. 
It is no longer working. 
The mysterious wall is spewing smoke. 
Yes. 
You used the Umugi Stone. 
The mirage is disappearing. 
You left it as is. 
Heheheh 
Gozu-Tennoh is gone. This prison now belongs to . 
I feel like torturing those Manikins in the mirage! I think I'll go do that right now. Heheheh 
Who the hell are you!? 
Wait, you couldn't be!? 
You better believe it. 
I-I don't care! 
This is paradise for us ex-Mantra! 
Whatever you did during that attack on Nihilo doesn't mean shit here!! 
Whaddya think you're doing here then, punk!? 
This is paradise for us ex-Mantra! 
I'll give you a taste of my torturing techniques!! 
The demon disappeared. 
C'mon, c'mon, c'mon! You better keep it up, or you'll be dead! 
You want me to stop? You REALLY want me to stop? 
Well, too bad!! 
Hyahahahahahahahahaha!! 
Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhh!! Ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow!! 
Hyahahahahahahahahaha!! 
Phew!! I think I'll let you off with that for today. 
I have , so I can come and go into the mirage as I please. 
I'll be back! 
You can hear a voice coming from somewhere. 
Save us We're trapped in the mirage 
Mizuchi is holding us captive in his mirage 
Someone save us! 
Save me! Free me! 
I don't wanna be sucked dry of Magatsuhi! I don't wanna die!! 
This is Kabukicho Prison. 
The ex-Mantra demons have now turned this 
? 
I thought someone was talking to me 
I can't take it anymore 
Are we Manikins made just to feel pain!? 
Where is the Collector Manikin, you ask? 
Hmmm 
Well, he's not on this floor. 
Arrrrrrrrrgh! I'm being sucked dry!! 
The Collector Manikin was caught recently 
I think he's here somewhere 
He's on floor 
Ummm 
1F 2F 
3F 4F 
Because I'm poor, I can't remember. But 
Maybe 100 Macca will refresh my memory!! 
3F 4F 
5F 4F 3F 
It's at the tip of my tongue! If only I had another 100 Macca 
Yes. 
5F 
4F 
3F 
3F 
4F 
3F 
Oh yeah, he's on 
You don't have enough 
It sucks being poor 
You're a friggin' tightwad 
Leave me alone. 
The Collector Manikin? 
He's a great guy! Talks to himself like a weirdo But, general insanity aside, I like him. 
The Collector Manikin? 
Oh The one who talks to himself! 
What about him? 
You can hear someone muttering. 
Bill 
1000 
You couldn't hear the rest. 
1000 
Watermark 
It seems the Manikin is absorbed with talking to himself. 
*cough* 
? 
I know you! 
You're the demon I met in the Great Underpass 
Huh? A spoon? 
I see. 
Alright, then. 
You did help me with the Bill 
*cough* I'll give you my spoon 
While you're at it, could you rescue me? 
The Mantra's headquarters was empty, so I came here, hee ho. 
But, hee hee ho ho! This place is scary! 
Huh? You're the demon I just talked to, hee ho. 
I wanna walk on the ceiling, too! 
Will I be able to do it once I become like the King, hee ho? 
Hee ho? You again? 
I'm not worth much experience, hee ho! 
Does this shutter only open from the other side, hee ho? 
What ho? Collector Manikin? 
I thought I saw him, but I forgot where, hee ho! 
Will I ever be like the King, hee ho? 
Our leader, Futomimi, is being held in a special room on the top floor. 
He's special. 
Now that I think of it 
The Collector Manikin is near a hole. 
Try jumping into a hole! You may end up somewhere you haven't been. 
This is the hole that the Manikin jumped into. 
Yes. 
There is a hole. 
Yes. 
A Manikin is doing something. 
Yes. 
Shit! A Mantra demon!? 
? 
Noooooooooooo! My spoon broke! 
Look what you did! I was almost done digging, too 
It's you're fault! I needed that spoon Take responsibility! 
I know. How about you getting me another spoon? 
The should be around here somewhere. He has just about anything. 
Find him and grab a . 
You got that? You're responsible! 
should be around here somewhere. 
Get a from him and bring it back to me, alright? 
Did you bring me the spoon? 
Yes. 
What the heck!? I was counting on you!! 
Hurry up and get that spoon from the Collector Manikin! 
Whoa! This is one powerful spoon! 
The Manikin began digging. 
The hole was dug instantly. 
This is incredible. I dug the hole in a flash. 
Alright, I'm outta here. 
See ya! 
The Manikin jumped into the hole. 
The Manikin is gone. 
You can hear a voice coming from somewhere. 
You can hear a voice coming from somewhere. 
Dammit!! 
I was able to escape from my cell 
But I need to defeat Mizuchi to escape from the mirage 
A short while back, a human came along. He was young. 
He's being kept at the top, just like Futomimi. 
He was caught because humans have lots of Magatsuhi. 
Collector Manikin? 
I saw him as I was being dragged here. He must be below. 
Please Save our prophet, 
Above He's on the 5th floor 
Mizuchi is on the floor above 
But in the mirage 
Argh! Stop it! Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!! 
Gyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhh!!!! 
It's quiet now. 
The Manikin is unconscious 
You there, listen to what I have to say! 
You see those doors over there? 
Mizuchi, the boss of this prison, is in there! 
Defeat him and save Futomimi, please!! 
Mizuchi, the boss of this prison, is in that room over there! 
Please defeat him and save Futomimi!! 
You sense strong power from beyond the door. 
Yes. 
MWAHAHAHAHA! 
YOU CANNOT SEE ME! 
NOR CAN YOU LAY A FINGER ON ME FROM THERE! 
FOOL! TAKE THIS! 
You were knocked out of the room. 
DAMN YOU PESTS! 
YOU THINK YOU CAN BEAT ME? NOT A CHANCE! 
I'LL TEAR YOU APART! 
ARRRRRRRRRGH! 
MY BODY IS MY MIRAGE WORLD IS DISAPPEARING!! 
The mirage is disappearing. 
! 
You're 
a human? No, a demon? 
I see. You are the Demi-fiend I prophesied about. Very interesting. 
Thank you for defeating Mizuchi. Now, we can finally escape from this mirage. 
. You may know it already, but I can see into the near future. 
I've been waiting for you to come and save us, you who are both human and demon 
You may be interested to know that there is a trapped in the other room. 
It seems he came to see me, but he was also caught. 
Hm? 
I see, he is your friend. 
You should see him, then. I sense a strange energy in him. 
I am worried about the other Manikins, so I must be going. Thank you again for saving us. 
Now, if you'll excuse me. 
Futomimi left. 
I have come again to thank you once more. 
We Manikins plan to leave the area. 
Together, we will find a way to live without suffering. 
Let me prophesy your future as a token of my gratitude. 
A man at Ginza 
It seems that there is a man waiting for you at Ginza. Go and see him. 
We must get going now. Again, thank you so much. 
Now, if you'll excuse us. 
Futomimi led the other Manikins out. 
Let me rest awhile. Just a little 
All the torture must have gotten to him. He doesn't want to move. 
Heeeeee hoooooo!! 
I've become hee ho evil! I'm , heeeeee hoooooo! 
I'm so evil, they call me the Emperor of Kabukicho! 
The demon within you drives me hee ho crazy!! 
The world belongs to the mighty Emperor!! 
How's that? Are you impressed, hee ho? 
I'm so scared 
Heeeeee hoooooo! I'm so cool! 
But, an Emperor needs to be cold! No mercy! 
You're all gonna freeze in hell! Uh, freeze in hell? 
Ah, who cares! Heeeeee hoooooo!! 
I'm pissed! Got that, hee ho!? 
You got guts! 
But, so do I! 
I'll show you the power of the Emperor! Heeeeee hoooooo!! 
Heeeeee hoooooo 
Why are you interfering with my plans to become evil? 
All I wanted was to be like the legendary King! Scary, yet cute 
That's all I ever wanted, hee ho! 
Hee ho, crap!! 
Hee I'm meltingHo 
Black Frost melted. 
Whoa! You a ceiling walker? 
Cool, man! 
This is Kabukicho Prison. 
The ex-Mantra demons have now turned this place into their own playground. 
Huh? I thought this was a prison. I don't see anyone. 
Pretend you have entered battle. 
Pretend you fought really, really hard. 
You won. 
, there will be a bunch of Manikins here. 
If you meet them, they will leave for . 
You can now go farther in. 
Th-This is debug? 
I'm Futomimi. 
Blah. 
Blah. 
Blah. 
Blah. 
Blah. 
Blah. 
Blah. 
Blah. 
Blah. 
Blah. 
Blah. 
Futomimi left. 
We're sorry. This stuff is too heavy for us. 
Can you help us? 
Sorry to bother you again. There's more junk in our way. 
Can you help us? 
Yes. 
Oh, thank you!! 
I see 
Thank you very much! We can finally get out!! 
As a token of our appreciation, take this. 
Thank you very much! This time, we can finally get out!! 
As a token of our appreciation, take this. 
The Manikins left. 
Check it out, there's a hole in the floor. 
By the way, the shutter doesn't seem to open from this side. 
Check it out, there's a hole in the ceiling. 
By the way, the shutter won't open unless you press the button. 
Hey, who am I talking to? 
No way. 
Come on 
I'm begging you! Defeat Mizuchi and save Futomimi! 
Thank you. Our friends can finally rest now 
Yes. 
There is a Mystical Chest. 
Yes. 
You see a Cache Cube. 
Yes. 
It's empty. 
It's a trap. 
It's empty. 
found something. 
It can't be used here. 
Select a floor. 
Where's our leader? How about the human boy? 
Are they okay? 
I'm surprised you were able to make it up here, with all that junk blocking the halls. 
Did you meet the young man in the back room? 
That damn Mizuchi!! 
I was all ready to kick his ass!! 
That's what the tough-talking Jack Frost was saying when he left the building. 
Ah 
Free at last 
I'm taking a break. 
There is no response. 
He must have taken quite a beating. 
You sense strong power from beyond the door. 
Yes. 
This is Kabukicho Prison. 
Huh? This is just a run-down building? 
You got that wrong. This is a prison!! 
Even though the Mantra fell, there's still loads of Manikins being held here. 
This is Kabukicho Prison. 
Well, it's not a prison anymore, with Mizuchi being defeated and all. 
Brrrr It's freezing 
This is all the Emperor's doing. 
The Emperor is gone 
A lot has happened here, but now it's finally quiet. 
The Emperor on the top floor is doing whatever he pleases in my territory! 
I'd go whoop the boy, but I'm too cold to move! 
He got lucky this time 
The Emperor just appeared out of nowhere! 
He's in Mizuchi's room acting all big. Is he an ex-Mantra? 
I heard about the Emperor's true identity. 
But, how did a run-of-the-mill Jack Frost get so much power? 
Did he get a bunch of Magatsuhi from somewhere? Weird. 
Hey brother, you here to play? We got young girls, so why don't you stop by? 
One customer, right up! Datsue, can you come over here? 
Please, no window-shopping. 
Hey brother, thanks again! 
I look up to the Emperor, hee ho! 
The Emperor is Kabukicho's number one, hee ho! 
You're! 
Wait up! I'm not dumb enough to go against you. 
I'll tell you something useful, so don't make that face, okay? 
C'mon, let bygones be bygones! 
Have you ever seen a Jack Frost named ? 
I hear he has something to do with the Emperor 
I see. 
So, the Emperor WAS Heeho!? Wow! 
Hee! Ho! Hee! Ho! 
~Hee ho the champion~ 
Praise the Emperor! 
Hee! Ho! Hee! Ho! 
Please do not rush onto the train. The door is now closing. 
Yoyogi Park Station! Yoyogi Park Station! 
You received a message. 
You're late You're way late, ! 
You haven't forgotten that we're going to visit Ms. , have you? 
Hurry up and get over to Yoyogi Park. You're wasting my quality time! 
It's from your classmate. 
Enter his name. 
I don't care if you come or not, but Ms. 's nice to me when you're around 
Oh yeah, you better make sure you look nice for her. 
How about the jacket you bought the other day Y'know, the one with a demon graphic on it? 
You're just the mood maker. Don't forget that. 
You see a vending machine! 
You have enough change to buy a drink. 
Yes. 
The drink that came out isn't any of the ones listed. 
You decided to hurry on ahead. 
The vending machine is sold out. 
Huh??? A customer? 
Are you heading to Yoyogi Park, too? 
After the incident, we've had a lot of lookee-loos, but not so many customers. 
Man, I've had a lot of free time on my hands 
Huh? Are you saying that you haven't heard the news??? 
What's going on? 
Hmmm How should I put this? Yesterday, there was a at Yoyogi Park. 
If you want the details, you can check the giant screen. 
A buncha people were killed. You could hear the sirens wailing all night long. 
Who hasn't, right? I mean, it's all over the news. 
I'm sorry about that. I was so bored! I just needed someone to talk to. 
I'm sorry about that I shouldn't be talking on the job, even if I'm not busy 
Yes. 
There is a Mystical Chest. 
Yes. 
You see a Cache Cube. 
Yes. 
It's empty. 
It's a trap. 
It's empty. 
found something. 
It can't be used here. 
Select a floor. 
Message Test Now for the basics 
Message Test Next are the choices 
Yes. 
Yes, you say? 
No, you say? 
Yes. 
You landed in an unexpected location. 
Candelabrum of Foundation to its rightful place. 
I will open the door leading to where the candelabrum must be returned. 
You can now proceed. 
I must warn you, though, that powerful demons roam the area ahead. 
Please be careful 
If you go through the door behind you, you will find a pedestal. 
Once you retrieve the candelabrum, please set it on that pedestal. 
I know you will be successful. 
The voice of the lady in black can be heard through the peephole 
The lady's voice could no longer be heard. 
There is a peephole 
Yes. 
The hole is blocked 
The path is blocked 
There is a shaft leading downward. 
Jump in? 
Return candelabra to which region? 
First Kalpa 
Yes. 
There is a Mystical Chest. 
Yes. 
You see a Cache Cube. 
Yes. 
It's empty. 
It's a trap. 
It's empty. 
found something. 
It can't be used here. 
Select a floor. 
The door cannot be opened 
Yes. 
There is a shaft leading downward. 
Jump in? 
The path is blocked 
There is a glowing sphere 
Yes. 
The atmosphere around you changed. 
Yes. 
Time passed quickly. 
Yes. 
Nothing happened. 
There's blocks obstructing you? 
They're blocking me. 
I wanna go too, but I have no idea what to do! 
When I touched the glowing ball, everything felt different 
For some reason, time felt like it was just flying by. 
It seems that the block lowers only on certain cycles of Kagutsuchi 
Oh, yeah. If you take too much time, the blocks will fall and drop on you! 
If you figure it out, let me know. 
Then, go home. 
Hmmm 
I'm sure it has something to do with that mark engraved on it 
You sense a strong power. 
Hahahahaha 
Just as Lord Hikawa predicted It seems a rat has wandered in! 
Ohohoho 
I assume you are here for that woman, but we three sisters are guarding the Obelisk 
We are not like that useless Ose. 
Ahaha If you want her back, you must defeat us. 
Well, if you can get to us in the first place. 
Kagutsuchi repeats the process of birth and death. It will not wait for you. 
Now Come! 
Ahaha Hahahahaha Ohohoho 
The women disappeared. 
Hahahahaha So, have you figured out how the puzzle works? 
I am Clotho, the youngest of the Moirae Sisters. 
I shall wind the thread of your life! 
Hahahahaha You don't give up, do you? 
If you like me that much, I can make you our lover 
But unfortunately, we have orders from Lord Hikawa. 
This time, I shall wind what's left of your life! 
Ohohoho I will not allow you past here. 
I am Lachesis, the second of the Moirae Sisters. 
I measure the length of life. 
Your thread is reaching its end! 
Ohohoho Persistent men are not well-liked, you know! 
It seems that my measurements were a little off 
I shall end your life for sure this time! 
Ahaha Were you able to keep up with Kagutsuchi? 
I am Atropos, the eldest of the Moirae Sisters. 
How unlucky of you to meet me. I cut the threads of fate In other words 
Your fate is already sealed! 
Ahaha You again? 
Are you done with your prayers? I will cut off any attachments you have to this world! 
Hahahahaha! We aren't letting you pass that easily! 
Do not underestimate us! 
We three Moirae Sisters will 
Spin! 
Measure! 
And snip your fate!! 
There is light coming from above. 
Yes. 
If you fall from here, you will lose your life. 
No one is here. 
Yes. 
You sense strong power from the floor above? 
Yes. 
Yes. 
There is a Mystical Chest. 
Yes. 
You see a Cache Cube. 
Yes. 
It's empty. 
It's a trap. 
It's empty. 
found something. 
It can't be used here. 
Select a floor. 
The door is closed tight 
This is the Obelisk. 
This is the closest you'll ever get to Kagutsuchi, in all of Tokyo. 
The Maiden is at the top floor. 
She is collecting Magatsuhi with her powers 
I can't believe it 
You actually stopped the Nightmare System 
This tower is protected by the 'Moirae Sisters'. 
As long as they're here, you won't be able to catch even a glimpse of the Maiden. 
Nooooo! The Moirae Sisters were 
The Moirae Sisters have set devices to stop intruders. 
You must control the flow of time. What does that mean? You will soon find out 
You must touch the glowing sphere and control time to deactivate the device ahead. 
But, if you take too much time, the floor will crumble beneath you. 
A malevolent device, fitting of the Moirae Sisters. 
Hmm Those devices appear to be functioning, even though the sisters were defeated. 
The pillar at the center of the Obelisk sends collected Magatsuhi to the bottom. 
You saw all that Magatsuhi being stored at the bottom, right? 
There's no more Magatsuhi flowing down the pillar 
Now that the Nightmare System has been activated, no one can stop the Assembly of Nihilo. 
The world of stillness is near 
The Nightmare System has been stopped 
But, knowing Lord Hikawa, it probably isn't a problem for him 
Dang, there it is again 
Do you hear it? The screaming of a woman, coming from above? 
It's creepy! 
Come to think of it, I stopped hearing that woman scream 
That's just as creepy! 
There must be some sort of pattern to the movement of these blocks 
Is there anyplace where I can overlook the entire area? 
Commander Hikawa will do anything to realize his creation. 
You never know To him, even the Maiden may just be 
Below here is where the Nihilo hide all their treasure. 
But, no one who has gone looking for it has ever come back alive 
Go upstairs if you have business with the Maiden. 
The Moirae Sisters are waiting on the floor above. 
I hope you enjoy being tortured to death 
You're not bad, defeating the Moirae Sisters. 
Screw Hikawa, I should just follow you! 
Everyone went up. I don't think you'll find a soul down below. 
Still, that was some earthquake. 
The Moirae Sisters 
Clotho is the 'spinner' Um, what was Lachesis? Atropos is the 'inevitable' 
Hmmm One spins the thread, the last one cuts it 
What goes in the middle? 
I got it! 
Lachesis is the 'apportioner'! 
This is the Obelisk, 
the only place in Tokyo that is connected to Kagutsuchi. 
Everyone went upstairs 
The gate is tightly shut. 
Yes. 
There is a Mystical Chest. 
Yes. 
You see a Cache Cube. 
Yes. 
It's empty. 
It's a trap. 
It's empty. 
found something. 
It can't be used here. 
Select a floor. 
The temple up north is there to seal the 'Kimon' of Tokyo. 
But What's a 'Kimon'? 
, can you hear me? 
I guess you made it to Ginza alright. 
You had me worried there 
I lost track of you for a while, and I thought you may have gotten lost in the Amala Network 
Anyways, I'm glad to see that you're okay. 
So, can you look around Ginza and gather some info about Hikawa? 
You might run into tougher demons, but I'm sure you can handle them. 
I'm not cut out for fighting, so I'll track down Hikawa some other way. 
I'm sure we'll meet again, since we're both after the same thing. 
Alright then, see ya. 
The voice could no longer be heard. 
! Looks like you're doing alright. 
How did you know I was here? 
I heard what Hikawa did. I didn't think he would wipe out the Mantra completely. 
Man, that Nightmare System It's more powerful than I ever imagined. 
But, I haven't given up just yet. If he makes a move, it may give us some clues. 
Maybe we can figure out where the Nightmare System is located, or more about the Maiden 
It's too bad this terminal is under Nihilo's control. 
I can't do much digging without raising a red flag. 
We need to find a terminal that Nihilo doesn't know about 
Remember those Manikins that were enslaved by the Mantra? I heard they're rebuilding the town of . 
Maybe there's a terminal over there that Nihilo's unaware of. 
With the Mantra out of the way, you should be able to get to Asakusa. It's way too dangerous for me to come along, though. 
I'll see what I can do with this terminal 
Wait a minute. I completely forgot about you. 
Hey, do you feel like going to Asakusa? 
If you can get there and contact me through the Amala Network, it'll make my job much easier. 
I'm sure you're strong enough to make it to Asakusa. 
Okay. 
Thanks, I appreciate it. 
I'll tell you everything I find out there, so let's stay in touch, alright? 
Oh, come on. You're not gonna let Nihilo have things their way, are you? 
I'll tell you everything I find out there about Nihilo and the Maiden. 
Most importantly, we have to stop Hikawa. So, you're going. Case closed. 
I'll be waiting, then. 
You should check out the tunnel in . If the rumor is true, it'll take you to Asakusa. 
I'll be working on this terminal, but you'll probably have more luck than me. I'm counting on ya. 
There's supposed to be a tunnel connecting East Ikebukuro and Asakusa. 
I'll be working on this terminal, but it's mostly up to you. 
I hope we can track down Nihilo. 
Welcome to Rag's Jewelry. 
Mmmm, you smell strongly of gems. 
You've come to the right place. Heh heh heh 
. 
. . 
. 
. 
. 
. 
Do you still not understand? 
There was not really freedom. All that existed was greed, and that is what corrupted the world. 
Freedom? Possibility? If you truly believe in them, then why do you seek the way of creation? 
Were they not present-- abundant, more accurately-- in the previous world? 
Why did you not pursue your goal back then? 
I-I 
The same is true for you. What did you expect to achieve by sending your students to this world? 
Did you think they would be able to do what you couldn't? 
Or, did you want them to feel the same agony of defeat that you felt? 
Do you know why you've been unable to obtain your Reason? 
All this time, you've just been running away trying to leave everything behind. 
Tell me the truth Do you really believe in freedom? 
Your choice to believe in Shijima, human, is a type of freedom itself. 
Aradia 
So it was you who sided with . 
Don't bother trying to interfere. You are powerless within this warded area. 
Just watch quietly as my god descends from above. 
Message test 8-2 
This land will be no more. 
Woman, we shall set out for the new land. 
No I won't go. 
I have to stop Hikawa, or else both the previous world and the new world will die. 
I shall await you there, woman. Remember that hope is the way. 
How pitiful Deceived, and now abandoned by a false god. 
This space will be consumed by the nothingness shortly. 
Now, sacrifice yourself to my god and fulfill your duty as the Maiden 
!! 
Who disturbs us!? 
It's quite a surprise to see you here, Demi-fiend. 
I don't know what you were thinking, but 
I have no intention of fighting you. 
Now, I'd appreciate it if you'd stand aside and cease with the interruptions 
Alright. 
I am deeply disappointed in you. How can you allow yourself to be swayed by this woman? 
I've left you alone thus far, but now there is no point in letting you live. 
will take care of you. 
Message test 9-7 
I'm glad that you understand. 
This is the moment that the world has been waiting for the coming of the divine guardian of Shijima. 
You defeated Samael? Your prowess is simply astounding. 
But, it's too late. You cannot stop the advent of my god. 
Behold I wield the power of , god of the void. 
Guided by the wisdom of god, I shall create a new world, the kingdom of stillness. 
Eternal prosperity is possible through my power alone 
All possibility has dried up in this world 
But, there must be a world out there where freedom prevails 
I wasn't strong enough, but it seems your will is greater. 
Use this, and create the world that you want 
Hurry to Amala Temple 
This will show you the way to Kagutsuchi 
The pilgrimage to creation ends there 
If you so desire, 
you may create a world of freedom however you see fit 
. 
I heard about the trial by combat, and I thought it might be you who was the winner. 
Getting here was tough, to say the least but I'm glad I made it. 
There's something I want to tell you. 
I decided to play by the rules of this world. 
You know what the purpose of this new world is, right? 
I I want to try my hand at the creation. 
You probably think I'm crazy. 
But, I remembered that voice 
that voice I heard when the world changed 
You must've heard it too, , since you survived. 
After we went our separate ways, I started thinking. 
Not just about what I have to do in this world, 
but why the world ended up like this. 
And then, I realized 
that there were too many unnecessary things occupying the previous world. 
There were lots of things, and lots of people 
But, nothing new was being made. Time passed, and nothing changed. 
What the world really needed it was not getting. 
It's true that I lost everything. It was the saddest thing imaginable. 
But, I survived the Conception. 
I was chosen That's what I'm going to believe, and now, I have to look forward. 
I still feel a great sadness in my heart 
but if I can swallow it down endless possibilities await 
The power of creation will be mine. 
Choose, the voice said to me. 
The world doesn't need any more worthless things 
That's why I want to create my ideal society, 
a paradise ruled by the strong, the chosen 
The world of Yosuga. 
, you've fought your way this far. You know what I'm saying, don't you? 
Yeah, I get it. 
I'm happy to hear that. 
I knew you'd understand, . 
I might ask you to help me out, then. 
That's too bad. 
I was hoping you'd understand. 
But, no matter what you say, I won't change my mind. 
I see. 
But I believe in you, . 
I believe that one day you'll come to accept it. 
I'm going to start collecting Magatsuhi. 
Honestly, I don't know where to begin 
But, since Yosuga is the Reason of the strong, I'll see what I can do on my own first. 
I'm glad we had the chance to talk today. 
We both survived the Conception I'm sure we'll cross paths again. 
. 
What can I do for you, hee ho? 
What do you want, hee ho? 
How many do you want, hee ho? 
What do you want to sell, hee ho? 
How many are you selling, hee ho? 
You already have enough, hee ho. 
. Are you sure, hee ho? 
You're super rich, hee ho! 
I'll keep what doesn't fit in your wallet! It'll be for my training. 
Do you still want to sell, hee ho? 
Hee ho! Thanks a bunch! 
Do you still need something, hee ho? 
I caught a weird looking thing the other day. It looks like a bug, but it's a demon, hee ho! 
It's probably really, really rare! That's why I'm selling it, hee ho. 
I don't like 
Please buy it, hee ho! 
I want to go on my journey, hee ho. 
I'm going to become a super-cool, and super-strong demon! 
So, can you help me out by buying lots of stuff, hee ho? 
I caught a weird looking thing the other day. It looks like a bug, but it's a demon, hee ho! 
It's probably really, really rare! That's why I'm selling it, hee ho. 
Please buy it, hee ho! 
This is a dummy. 
This is a dummy. 
This is a dummy. 
This is a dummy. 
This is a dummy. 
This is a dummy. 
This is a dummy. 
This is a dummy. 
This is a dummy. 
This is a dummy. 
Come again, hee ho! 
Yes. 
Thanks for buying over 1000 Macca worth of stuff! 
Here's a service ticket for you! 
Oh, you have ten tickets. 
Okey-dokey, pick any box you like! I'll give you what's inside it. 
! 
Big box. 
Dummy. 
Dummy. 
Dummy. 
Dummy. 
Oh, it's you 
What a surprise. 
It's been a while since we last met, young man 
Or should I say, Demi-fiend? 
Frankly, it never crossed my mind before 
But, it seems we were destined to meet again. 
I accumulated enough Magatsuhi for creation when I destroyed the Mantra. 
That's why I didn't stop you from going to the Obelisk. 
I also wanted to verify that you were truly the Demi-fiend. 
However, not only did you defeat my subordinates, but you single-handedly set the Maiden free. 
The strength of the Demi-fiend, as written in the Scripture of Miroku It was beyond my expectations. 
You might be able to aid me in delivering Shijima to the world 
A man's greed is like fire. While it is small, it is warm and comfortable. 
But, fire eventually grows into flames, devouring everything in its path. 
Mankind grew to covet fire. 
Humans became dependent on its warmth, and averted their eyes from its destructive nature. 
Humans should serve the world. 
By doing so, a life of repose would in turn be promised to them. 
What is desirable, what is undesirable 
It is not man that makes the distinction It is the world. 
Humans should be beacons that light the world. 
The light spins quietly-- sometimes bright, sometimes dim-- becoming one with the world. 
That is the ideal way of life. 
Don't you agree, that the world should be ruled by serenity? 
Yes, it should. 
So, you understand the greatness of Shijima? 
You are on a different level than the masses, as I suspected. 
I will ask for your assistance when the time comes. 
So, you are a mere demon after all. 
I was wrong to think that you would understand my ideal. 
It is now time for us to part. 
I will not feel at ease until all this is over. 
Do you not sense something wicked in the air? 
Someone is scheming to ignite the ember that still glows within the remains of Gozu-Tennoh. 
I must not falter while others strive to establish their foolish Reasons 
It is I who will create the new world! 
I feel it. I feel the power A candelabrum is nearby! 
Hey! It's you, isn't it!? 
Hand over the candelabrum! Be a good boy, and I'll take you to a world without limits!! 
A world that loses its power will fade away into nothingness. 
If such is the fate of this world, 
then I shall return it to its mother's womb. 
The world must first die, for it to be born again 
That is the only way to salvation, as recorded in an ancient prophecy. 
The world will fall for its sins, and humans will all disappear 
But, I don't want you to meet the same fate. 
I want to help you hold on to your life. 
To do so, I need to know your name. 
I see, so your name is 
As of now, your will to live shall be sustained. 
Believe in it and live. 
I will. 
I'm glad that you understand. 
The time is near It will take place very soon. 
but please don't forget what you've heard here 
I am the nurturer of the next world. 
It is my duty to create the world that is to come 
Now, I want you to say my name out loud. 
That's right My name is . 
I won't shed another tear, not even at the world's end. 
I'd like to see you in the next world, though 
Go ahead and wake up. It's time 
Hooded jacket. 
You prefer a new look, then? I'm sure you'll like it. 
You want to stay the same as before? There's nothing wrong with that. 
You have come at last I knew that fate would bring you here. 
This is the farthest region of Amala Humans call it the netherworld. 
I am sure you are already aware, but many formidable demons lurk in this dark land. 
This place is home to those who were cast down by god. They await the day when they can fly once again. 
, the young man with the power of a demon 
You are still weak and unable to withstand the flow of Magatsuhi in Amala. 
You may be wondering how it is that you arrived here and if you are in danger, but do not worry. 
We will send you to your original destination. 
but everything-- the meaning behind my words, the purpose of your existence-- 
will be clear when the time comes. 
It is time for you to return to Tokyo. 
There is nothing you can accomplish here right now. 
At this point, you still lack the strength. 
But, allow me to give you this. 
will be your guide 
when you lose your way in your quest for power. 
Then, I will send you to Ginza. 
We shall meet again, if fate so desires 
a young man with the power of a demon. 
You have arrived at the because of your power. 
Would you like to explore this realm for a while? 
Normally this would be not be permitted, but I will make an exception for you. 
Allow me to give you this. 
can be used to illuminate the Labyrinth. 
By placing it in the appropriate location, you will be able to delve deeper into the Labyrinth. 
Then, please enjoy the Labyrinth, also known as the netherworld 
I will be awaiting your arrival at the very bottom. 
Oh dear, Aradia has entered this world. 
This can only mean trouble, my little master. 
Be very thankful. 
My little master has given me permission to enlighten you. 
Listen closely to what I am about to tell you. 
The time of creation for this Vortex World is near. 
War will erupt amongst those who spread their Reason in hopes of shaping the new world. 
As a demon, you are forbidden to conceive your own Reason 
Your suffering is my little master's delight. Struggle as hard as you can. 
You are free to follow whichever Reason you like. 
My only wish is that you do not disappoint my little master with a dull ending 
The child and the old woman disappeared 
Yes. 
Add which candelabrum to inventory? 
Knowledge 
What do you want to do? 
Black Visor flag on 
Black Visor flag on 
There is a huge pedestal. 
Yes. 
You lit the Candelabrum of Knowledge. 
You lit the Candelabrum of Majesty. 
You lit the Candelabrum of Beauty. 
You lit the Candelabrum of Godliness. 
All of the candelabra have been lit 
The flames illuminate the passage beyond. 
There is a peephole 
Please visit us at the deepest part of the Labyrinth. 
We will be waiting. 
Have you changed your mind? 
Then, we will be waiting in the deepest part of the Labyrinth. 
I will open the way to the last door. Please use the candelabrum and come see us. 
We look forward to seeing you soon. 
There is still time If you decide to help my master, please come back to this place. 
We will be waiting for you. 
The voice of the lady in black can be heard through the peephole 
The lady's voice could no longer be heard. 
The hole is blocked 
The path is blocked 
There is a shaft leading downward. 
Jump in? 
Return to the entrance of the Labyrinth? 
Return to the previous Kalpa? 
There is a shaft leading downward. 
Jump in? 
There is a tombstone without a name on it 
The inscription on the tombstone changed. 
The inscription on the tombstone remained the same. 
Record of Specter: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of Specter: Defeated in turn(s). 
It is inscribed, Here lies Specter. 
You recall the battle against Specter 
Record of Sakahagi: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of Sakahagi: Defeated in turn(s). 
It is inscribed, Here lies Sakahagi. 
You recall the battle against Sakahagi 
Record of Aciel: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of Aciel: Defeated in turn(s). 
It is inscribed, Here lies Aciel. 
You recall the battle against Aciel 
Record of Skadi: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of Skadi: Defeated in turn(s). 
It is inscribed, Here lies Skadi. 
You recall the battle against Skadi 
Record of Albion: Defeated in turn(s). 
Record of Albion: Defeated in turn(s). 
It is inscribed, Here lies Albion. 
You recall the battle against Albion 
What's the matter, sonny? What's your hurry? 
Everybody runs right by here just like you, not even giving a second glance to a poor old guy on the side of the road. 
It's a shame what this world's coming to You folks oughtta get your priorities straight. 
Ya see, sometimes you just need to relax and pay no heed to the time. 
Don't you agree? 
What!? You didn't listen to me one single bit! Come back when you're not in such a hurry. 
Here ya are again. Let me ask you the same question 
Sometimes, you just need to relax and pay no heed to the time. 
Don't you agree? 
Oh I can see that you've been listening. 
You're in a hurry, aren't ya? You should be on your way. 
Come back anytime if you'd like to talk to me again. 
It's nice to see ya again, sonny. 
You're still in a hurry, aren't ya? You should be on your way, then. Don't worry, we can talk some other time. 
Too bad you don't agree, though your manner says otherwise. I hope you change your mind. 
It's a pity that we don't see eye to eye. But, maybe you'll come around to my way of thinkin'. 
Work hard every day That's how people should lead their lives. 
I contributed to society by doing just that. 
My company grew as a result, and became highly regarded. 
Do you think my life was a success? 
That's what everybody else thought, too. People envied me for my fortune until that one day 
For the first time in my life, I had the urge to kill. 
So much anger All because of that boy Even to this day, I still ache for revenge. 
Of course, I didn't have the balls to do anything about it back then, when I was still playing by society's rules. 
I see Yeah, you might be right. 
Just when I thought I'd achieved happiness, my fortune collapsed like a house of cards. 
You should be careful. You never know what tomorrow may bring 
So much time has passed, yet my soul still burns with rage. 
I should have taken revenge back then, for what that boy did to me. 
I sense that you have power beyond that possessed by an ordinary demon. 
Would you be willing to lead my wandering soul to salvation? 
You rang the . 
Its pure tone fills the air 
Ah 
I can see my black heart A new shape surrounds it 
I am in a place that gives rise to many demons 
The soul vanished 
What was I thinking? No demon would have that kind of power. 
You're a strange-looking demon. I got a question for you. 
Do you think it's wrong to kill until your heart's content? 
Heh, whatever. You sound just like a human. 
Actually, humans can be crueler than you think, even crueler than demons 
I knew you'd understand. Yeah, I killed lots of humans when I was still alive. 
They're all the same Just flesh and blood under a thin layer of skin. 
But, to tell you the truth Deep down inside, I've always wondered what it'd be like to feel warmth and kindness 
I lived my life causing nothing but pain and suffering for others 
I never felt bad about it, and I don't regret living that way, either. 
But when I met that girl, the words just slipped out of my mouth 
Everybody has kindness in their heart. 
Why the hell did I say that? 
Maybe I was just curious what warmth and kindness feel like 
If I could live my life again, I I'd wanna be the kind of person who is liked by everyone. 
Damn it, what am I saying? Why am I getting all emotional? 
You're really one weird demon. I've never told anyone about these feelings before. 
Hey, by any chance Would you be able to guide my soul from here? 
You rang the . 
Its pure tone fills the air 
I guess it's time to say goodbye to this place 
The part of my soul that I was missing The me that I really wanted to become 
It's gonna wait with other demons for a new life 
The soul vanished 
I see Forget what I just said, will ya? 
There is a switch. 
The switch has been activated. 
Gee, you look worn out. 
Would you like to rest for a while? Only 500 Macca! 
Oh Well, please come again! 
Oh, you don't have enough Macca Come back when you do. 
You must be thirsty. Here, have a drink 
Go ahead, have some more 
Are you feeling better? Here's some more 
Have another drink 
Your wallet feels really light 
Yes. 
There is a Mystical Chest. 
Yes. 
You see a Cache Cube. 
Yes. 
It's empty. 
It's a trap. 
It's empty. 
found something. 
It can't be used here. 
Select a floor. 
The door is locked 
You used the . 
The path is blocked 
A strong presence can be felt from behind the door. 
Yes. 
OUR LEADER'S ROOM IS THERE!! 
BE CAREFUL!! 
Y-YOU DEFEATED OUR LEADER!? WOW!! 
THEN, YOU SHOULD LOOK FOR THE ! 
IT CAN UNLOCK THE GOLDEN DOORS. 
IT'S SOMEWHERE IN THIS LABYRINTH, WHERE IT USED TO BE CURSED 
THERE'S ANOTHER DEMON WHO KNOWS WHERE IT IS. 
IF YOU CAN GET THE STAR KEY, MAYBE YOU CAN MAKE IT TO THE BOTTOM! 
This is a prison for souls 
Once you're inside, you can never get out. 
But, if you do find a way out, please let me know! 
The sound of the bell unites a soul and a body 
There was a guy who managed to escape this prison, and that's what he used to say. 
I wonder what he's doing now 
Look, another demon who got lost in this prison. 
Do you think he can find his way out of here? 
I don't know 
He'll probably give up, and then run home and cry about it. 
*chuckle* 
Come on, he can't do that. 
Think about it. How can he run home if he doesn't know where the exit is? 
Oh That's true. 
So, this poor demon's lost and he's all alone? How sad. 
Hey, you there. If you wanna go home, head north. You'll find your way out of here eventually. 
The two souls resumed their conversation 
Oh, you're sooo close! You're bound to find the exit any minute now. 
But, which way is it? North or south, east or west? Good luck finding it. 
By the way, I know exactly where it is. 
Don't get too close! It's dangerous! 
Just kidding. 
You think this is the exit? 
There was a guy who escaped from here, with something he called the . 
He was saying that the bell has the power to resurrect the dead. 
If that's true, I wonder if he's come back to life in a cemetery somewhere 
Man, I should've tagged along. If only I'd known that there's a way out 
I wonder if he's come back to life in a cemetery somewhere 
No one can escape from this prison. 
You might as well give up all hope. 
Just look at me I'm going absolutely nowhere 
There are two souls with extraordinary power imprisoned here. 
Have you talked to either of them? 
Oddly enough, it feels like I've met them somewhere before 
It's natural for every living thing to die Treatment, therefore, contradicts nature. 
So Did you come here to defy nature and be treated? 
No. 
Good. One lives, one dies That's the way it should be. 
I pray that you find rest soon. 
I am a doctor, after all. I'll treat your wounds. 
But, I'm gonna charge you Macca. Alright? 
Dr. Dark healed your party. 
Money first. Get outta here. 
Turn back! Right now! It's dangerous ahead! 
Not only is it dangerous, it's VERY dangerous!! 
I mean, it's EXTREMELY dangerous!!! 
If you still insist on going, I won't try to stop you, but 
Make sure you go straight. Don't ever, ever turn left! Okay? 
Please believe me. 
It was dangerous ahead! 
It was VERY dangerous!! 
I mean, it was EXTREMELY dangerous!!! 
It's a thing of the past, though. 
The cursed areas in this Labyrinth were created by the Wicked King, who's in the room ahead. 
The curse will be lifted if the king is defeated, so 
If, by some miracle, you manage to defeat him, you might want to go back and revisit each Kalpa. 
You know those golden doors that are in different parts of the Labyrinth? 
I heard there's a guy who knows how to open them. 
If you're lucky, maybe you'll run into him. 
Of course, I highly doubt that you'll last long against the Wicked King, let alone defeat him. 
The curse has been lifted. 
That means the Wicked King has been defeated, but 
Who could it have been? It wasn't you, was it? 
Oh, I'm so in love with our leader! 
Who is he? Sorry, I can't give out his name. But 
He's so noble, we call him the Lord of the Flies! 
I can't stop thinking about him 
We call the corridor ahead the 12 Meters of Eternity. 
It's only a short distance to the other side, but every time you enter, you end up somewhere else 
You'll see what I mean once you try it yourself 
To continue on, just go down that ladder. 
If you want to go back, then return through the 12 Meters of Eternity. 
It's really strange From the other side, the phase of Kagutsuchi determines where you'll end up, 
but from this side, you can only return to the entrance. 
Too bad! 
This is a dead end. You spent all that precious time coming here for nothing. 
Just so you know, there's a place nearby that looks like a dead end, but you can actually go through it. 
Have fun looking for it. 
I think you need to activate that switch over there to continue. 
It looks like you can get to the other side from the Kalpa above, so 
Why don't you try to make your way across? 
Hey, you activated the switch. 
Now, you can move on. Good luck! 
I'm glad you made it here. 
If you get stronger, 
I'll sell you something special. 
I've got nothing else to sell you. Hey, don't worry. 
I'm sure there are other brokers besides me in this Labyrinth. 
You're pretty strong. 
I'll sell you something special. Interested? 
On second thought, forget what I just said. 
The demon you have there Yeah, the one that has colorful wings 
As long as you've got that demon with you, I can't sell you mine. Come back after you get rid of it. 
You're pretty strong. 
I'll sell you something special. 
Uh Wait a minute, your party's full. 
If you want a new companion, make some room first and then come back. 
Here's what I'm selling 
a demon that wields an assortment of powerful attack spells. 
It's a charming and dependable companion! 
I'm asking 50000 Macca. I know it's kinda high, but it's well worth the price So, you want it? 
Here's what I'm selling 
a demon that is exceptionally tough. 
It's practically impervious to any form of attack! 
I'm asking 100000 Macca. I know it's kinda high, but it's well worth the price So, you want it? 
Alright, I'll buy it. 
Excellent choice! 
You purchased a demon from the Shady Broker. 
I am Kaja Mitama. 
With my magic, I can weaken the enemy. 
Nice to meet you. 
The demon joined your party. 
That's fine. If you change your mind, feel free to come back anytime. 
Hey hey hey, you don't have enough Macca. 
Come back when you have more money, okay? 
Have you been through the 12 Meters of Eternity yet? 
It can take you to different places like the vault or the maze, but 
I'm warning you, don't go through it when Kagutsuchi shines the weakest. 
Why? Whaddya mean, Why?! If you wander into the Wicked King's room, you won't come out alive! 
Have you been through the 12 Meters of Eternity yet? 
It can take you to different places like the vault or the maze, but 
I'm warning you, don't go through it when Kagutsuchi shines the weakest. 
Why? Whaddya mean, Why?! If you wander into the Wicked King's room, you won't come out alive! 
Have you been using the shafts that connect the Kalpa? 
I heard that your innate abilities, such as your agility and strength, affect your performance in there. 
If you plan on collecting Macca in there, then you might want to train yourself first. 
If you have any Deathstones in your possession 
then you can call forth the deaths that you have conquered, just as you have created new demons. 
It all depends on the light of Kagutsuchi, though 
The door has been deformed and will not open 
The vending machine isn't working. 
Yes. 
You got a Golua Cola! 
You gave up on a Golua Cola. 
The entrance is closed tight. 
Dang! 
I came here to sell medicine, and now I get dragged into all this rubbish. 
I saw it!! I saw a human go underground!! 
It's him This is his doing!! 
What the hell happened!? 
Isn't this Tokyo!? 
I-I-In the annex, I saw a d-demon 
I-I-I-I have no idea what's going on 
Blarg? Gaah? 
Magatsuhi? 
We don't have any Magatsuhi to give to the likes of you! 
If you don't wanna get hurt Give us the !! 
Blarg!! Gaah!!! 
Magatsuhi!! 
Hmmm You're stronger than I thought! 
But, you could get even stronger if you to other demons and get them on your side. 
We got the Pass-thingie, so let's head over to Yoyogi Park! 
I've never seen a demon like you before 
Are you looking for something, too? 
Yes. 
Is that so? 
Denied again! I wonder if a strong demon would ever pass by here *sigh* 
Oh, you're here again! 
You ARE looking for something, aren't you??? 
Hey, about that thing you're looking for 
I'll help you, if you want! 
I was looking for something, too! 
A demon who can help take me to . 
You look kinda flabby and weak, but I'll let that slide. 
Whaddya say? Should we join up? 
Alright then, let's get outta here! 
If we have the , we can get through that door to the annex. 
I saw some carrying it. 
I'm Pixie the Fairy. I'm sure we'll be the best of friends! 
Pixie joined your party! 
Is that so? 
I guess I'll have to beat them myself Ugh, there's just no way I can do it alone! 
Oh, you again??? 
Have you decided to join up with me? 
Is that so? 
Ooooh!! Why don't you just walk around until something eats you, then! 
Pixie joined your party! 
MaGatSUhi LeT me EAt iT!! 
You're still alive, too? 
Boy, I sure see a lot of humans today. 
As a matter of fact I just saw one go down to the basement. 
I'm so envious of you guys! Being able to walk around and all *sigh* 
The Vortex World That's what we call this place. 
Of course, the world hasn't been reborn yet. 
And I don't know what it's gonna be like when it does get reborn 
If you negotiate well with demons, they'll join your party. 
About negotiating Well, I dunno all the details, so I can't tell you anything specific. 
But, don't let that stop you from trying! 
You're not a human, are you? Then, let me tell you something good 
Listen up. First, you need to get demons to join you. 
That's right! You need demons on your side. 
If you run into a demon, try starting a conversation. 
I'm sure you'll get a response. It won't always be a good response, mind you! 
You see it too, huh!? That g-giant demon in the lobby??? 
We c-can't go near there! 
Eeeek! A demon! There's a demon!! 
Demons are scary, right?? They attack people, right??? 
EEEEK!! I need to text message my boyfriend!! 
You're a demon, too??? 
Oh, Doctor!! 
Thanks to you, I'm back to normal. 
So, when's lunch? 
When you fight demons, you'll have a better chance of winning if you can get more actions in during your turn. 
By using attacks that the enemy is weak against, you'll be able to attack more frequently. 
But, the enemy will gain the upper hand if you do the opposite! 
So, make sure you use your actions wisely. 
What!? You're going to defeat Forneus!? 
Yes. 
Hahaha Yeah, right! I'll give you all my money if you can do that. . 
I guess I heard wrong 
Amazing You really beat Forneus!! 
You really beat him 
Dang! A promise is a promise!! Take it!! 
I need to escape from poverty first, before I can escape from here 
Hey, punk! I've never seen you around, and I don't like your face! 
You're trying to get by without paying respect to me, The Almighty Forneus!? 
You wanna die, don't ya!? 
I screwed up and let another human escape a while ago, but not this time 
I have a habit of butchering anyone who disrespects me. I cut 'em up with these fins! 
Time to die!!! 
Yes. 
Now entering the big map. 
Oh, you're that kid who was with Chiaki! 
This world is now a Vortex and Terminals are important 
Etc, etc And, lastly 
I don't need this, so here. 
Try looking around the hospital with that. 
doing you any good? 
I see. Alright, then. 
I think you should save your progress here. 
If I knew this would happen for reals 
I should've listened to Hikawa. 
I don't know the details, but 
I heard that this hospital did some pretty horrific things! 
For some reason, you cannot go inside the X-ray room. 
It's locked from the other side. 
You're injured Here, let me heal you. 
There you go. Don't push yourself too hard. 
Your wounds have healed. 
The door to the X-ray room is closed tight 
The door is locked. 
Yes. 
You unlocked the door. 
The door is still locked. 
Hey, kid!! This place is dangerous!! 
There's demons past here!! 
Select a floor. 
2F 
Select a floor. 
2F 
Select a floor. 
1F 
Select a floor. 
1F 
. 
You don't have the right card 
. 
You don't have the right card 
. 
It is asking for a Personnel ID Card. 
. 
You used the . 
. 
You used the . 
The gate is open! 
There is a demon going crazy in the annex. 
No one is on the roof. 
It is reassuring to see that you did not do anything to embarrass my little master, such as dying. 
My little master has pitied you. The least you could do is survive such a trivial thing as this. 
Come to think of it, this is your first time seeing the new Tokyo, is it not? 
Allow me to tell you one thing, if you don't mind 
Look above you. 
As you can see, Tokyo has now become a . 
Now, do you see something shining in the center of this world? 
That is . 
That is what created this Vortex World, 
and that is also what provides power to the inhabitants of this world. 
Oh, my little master, are we leaving already? 
Pardon me, now. I must be going. Please keep it up. 
You can create a new world, or you can destroy this one. The choice is yours 
The child and the old woman have disappeared 
You feel the presence of something 
Yes. 
The time has finally come. The way shall now be revealed 
The Yahirono Himorogi that you possess 
It shall provide a stairway to creation for the strong 
and a tower of certain death for the weak. 
Fate awaits you within 
If it is your will, then go inside 
This is Tokyo? 
This doesn't seem like the kind of place you'd find sushi. 
That old guy what a client. This is gonna be one tough job. 
Oh well. Time to get to work. 
Go to where Kagutsuchi awaits 
Show me the beginning 
The voice could no longer be heard. 
The flames of the Candelabrum of Sovereignty are flickering wildly 
You can feel the presence of a terrifying demon 
Yes. 
Are you sure? 
It looks like you'll be able to get away. 
It looks like you won't be able to escape 
I know you have a Candelabrum! 
The flames of the Candelabrum burn passionately! You won't escape! 
You can feel an extraordinary power from beyond the door 
I thought it'd be safe with Forneus dead, but 
Now, there's a demon living in the annex even more frightening than Forneus! 
He looks like one of the Horsemen of the Apocalypse! When will I ever feel at ease? 
Yes. 
There is a Mystical Chest. 
Yes. 
You see a Cache Cube. 
Yes. 
It's empty. 
It's a trap. 
It's empty. 
found something. 
It can't be used here. 
Select a floor. 
at the passageway ahead? 
You need an to get through. 
at the passageway ahead? 
You need an to get through. 
Oh, wow! You already have it. 
If the volume of your headache is cranked up to max, you just have to give up and die. 
That's the kind of place Tokyo is 
The door is locked. 
Yes. 
The door is now unlocked. 
The door has been left unlocked 
You sense strong power from beyond the door. 
Yes. 
The door is locked from the other side 
You cannot use this exit. 
The door will not open. 
What does a demon, like you, want? 
I'll heal your wounds, so please don't eat me! 
The soul healed you. 
I'll heal your wounds anytime, so don't eat me, please. 
If you want to get healed, ask the lady at the fountain. 
You see that demon swimming around the lobby, like he owns the place? 
That's ! 
As long as he's here, it's not gonna be easy to get out of this hospital. 
Wow, you're amazing! You went WHAM! BAM! POW! and defeated Forneus! 
He kept us cooped up in this place all the time. 
Now, we can leave the hospital whenever we want! 
Who are these Fiends? What do they want with Tokyo? 
That includes you. 
What're you staring at me for? 
Am I that peculiar? Have you been living all your demon life in a cave? 
What are you staring at me for? 
Am I that peculiar? Have you been living all your demon life in a cave? 
Well?? Where'd you come from? 
What are you staring at me for? 
Am I that peculiar? Have you been living all your demon life in a cave? 
Well, if you're going to walk around the hospital, let me warn you 
You've chosen to walk the path of hardship. You may never again turn your back on your enemies 
Keep that in mind. 
What are you staring at me for? 
Am I that peculiar? Have you been living all your demon life in a cave? 
Well, if you're going to walk around the hospital, let me warn you 
You've chosen to walk the path of hardship. You may never again turn your back on your enemies 
Keep that in mind. 
By the way Where'd you come from? 
You've got Death following you. 
Come to think of it, you were born in the room up ahead, weren't you? 
And now, you have been born a second time 
Who are you? 
Yet another demon after 
The annex is the center of conversation now. 
Up ahead is the main building You already forgot? 
Was it you who defeated that demon at the annex? 
That's a lie. 
If you get too involved, you won't be able to turn back, you know! 
I see 
But, if you get too involved, you won't be able to turn back, you know? 
I can tell by your eyes The human side of you is already dead. 
You denied your human side, and have been reborn as a true demon. 
What? 
? , you say? 
I don't know anyone by that name 
What? 
Ms. ? Dr. Otsuki? 
There's no scientific proof that such doctors are in this hospital 
What? 
Baal Avatar? Noah, you say? 
I don't know anyone by that name 
I saw a human at the annex. 
He's probably dead by now Eaten by a demon or something weird like that. 
Nothing good ever happens when demons appear. Case in point with that creep Forneus. 
They always want our Magatsuhi and try to eat us. 
I saw a human at the annex 
But that was a looooong time ago. 
I wonder what they're doing now 
Did they change, just like Tokyo did? Hmmm 
Forneus thinks this hospital is all his. 
All the Magatsuhi is mine! That's what he yells all the time. 
So he'll rough you up if you tick him off. 
It seems that these Fiends are killing each other. 
It's like they're competing for something 
Hey, you survived the battle royale between all those Fiends? 
Not bad! 
Yes. 
Forneus is there, so there's no way we could get out 
Hey! Was it a fun city? 
I see 
I hear it's a fun city, with there. 
Forneus? 
He's almost as strong as me. I think. 
The exit is just as you perceive it. 
Were you trying to leave the hospital? 
Yes. 
Then, how about next door? 
This is the main building, but there's an . Maybe you can use that entrance. 
I see. 
Well, well, well! If it isn't the tatooed boy. 
Is the Pixie you went out with doing okay? 
I HAVE NEVER SEEN A DEMON LIKE YOU. 
TAKE THIS AS A SIGN OF OUR MEETING. 
RARR!! US DEMONS HAVE IT ROUGH. 
Hey, you there! 
The demon next door isn't trying to eat me, is he??? 
Hey wait a sec You're a demon, too! Noooooo! Don't eat me!! 
Hey, you there! 
There's something next door, isn't there!? It's a demon, huh!? 
Hey, you're a d-demon, too! Please d-don't eat me! I go bad with ranch! 
Hey, you there! 
Thanks for beating the demon in this room-- Wait 
You're a demon too!! You don't wanna eat me! I uh I never bathe! 
There's a demon way stronger than you up ahead in the annex. 
You'll probably die. Nice knowin' ya! 
I hear there are demons in Tokyo, but there are no gods 
You think that's true? 
You can hear something from inside the room 
Huh? Where are we, you ask? 
's basement, of course. 
The phone is disconnected. 
There is a notice on the information board. 
This hospital consists of a , connected by a . 
Only authorized personnel are allowed in the . 
I can see it I can see you suffering in your battle against demons. 
But, this future is only one of many possibilities. The future is not written in stone. 
I shall help you. What future do you desire? 
A bright future. 
If you wish for a bright future 
Know your enemies, and use attacks that they are against. 
If you do, a bright future full of shall await you. 
It is not easy to learn your enemies' weaknesses Only through battles shall you gain knowledge. 
Hmmm! Well, if you wish for a dark future 
Continue to use , 
and your attacks shall be , . 
If you do all of this, a dark future full of shall await you. 
I shall wait here until you learn your future Bwahahahahaha! 
I sense a dangerous power 
A lurks in the room ahead. 
You and that demon are fated to meet. 
Most regrettable 
Did you see that demon flying around the lobby? 
Even if we could get out, there's demons like that everywhere! 
All we can do is hide and tremble in fear! 
Forneus is hella strong! 
I lost a hella lot of friends to him! It's hella sad! 
You're not trying to defeat Forneus, are you!? 
Yes. 
Even if you're strong, you won't be able to beat him alone! 
Don't just beat all the demons. Try to them, and get them to join you. 
That's what I thought. 
You wanna know? 
Ah, forget it! 
Oh, come on! Listen to me. 
I heard the guy on the black horse can seal your magic. 
You're amazing! 
But, as strong as you are, you'll never beat you-know-who. I'm too afraid to say his name! 
Do you have time to spare? 
I saw a human sneak past Forneus just a while ago. 
Ever heard of the Gaea cult? 
I think I know it, but I just can't remember 
I see 
I heard there's a Fiend on the floor above. 
A magazine said that the conflict between the Gaea and Messiah cults is a war between gods and demons. 
Then what about the Fiends? Whose side are they on? 
*mumble* 
There are some races of demons that rarely join through 
*mumble* 
*mumble* 
Demon fusion *mumble* 
*mumble* 
Demons stick together, so defeat the demons in the way first 
They disrupt conversations *mumble* 
*mumble* 
Speaking of Fiends, there's the *mumble* 
*mumble* 
There's a trick to negotiating with demons 
*mumble* 
*mumble* 
If you keep in mind You can can meet them again at the Cathedral of Shadows 
What!? You're going to defeat Forneus!? 
Yes. 
Hahaha Yeah, right! I'll give you all my money if you can do that. 
I guess I heard wrong 
You going to defeat Forneus? 
Riiiiiiight! 
You really beat him 
Dang! A promise is a promise!! Take it!! 
Dammit. 
I need to escape from poverty first, before I can escape from here 
You really beat Forneus? 
Gaah 
Magatsuhi Magatsuhi 
The door is locked from the other side 
Gaah 
Magatsuhi Magatsuhi 
Ew! Those gunky Pretas are inside! Here, let me talk in their nappy native language 
Pixie changed the tone of her voice. 
Me haveMagatsuhi Broughtlots 
Gaah? 
Magatsuhi? 
Me eat!! Me eat!! 
The door is now unlocked 
Alright, they fell for it! You ready? 
Yes. 
Oh, fine Hurry up and get ready! 
The door's open. 
Are you ready this time? 
Still?? Hurry it up! 
making a fuss about wanting Magatsuhi. 
Magatsuhi is the source of demonic powers, I think. I don't know much about it 
The room next door sure has gotten quiet. 
So, is Magatsuhi the source of demonic powers? No one's given me a clear answer 
The other world is always watching the thirsty draft horse as it limps feebly to the spring. 
Do you know if you're in the position of that draft horse? 
Um, Forneus is strong and mean. 
I heard adults say demons are outside, too. I want my momma One day she'll come for me 
Ummm There's a demon stronger than Forneus 
He's in the room over there! 
Ummmm The strongest demon 
Becomes the ! 
Mister, are you strong? 
Yes. 
If you go south from this hospital, you'll run into and . 
I hear that Shibuya's a fun place, with stores and a club and all. 
Darn! If only Forneus wasn't here! Hope he didn't hear that 
There's a Fiend now!? 
Give me a break, man. 
I don't like fighting. 
Whether it's for a new world or for a new universe I don't care. 
It seems that you're hurt 
Allow me to heal you. 
You've been healed. 
I'll heal you anytime, so come again 
It may be hard, but don't give up now 
This will be a large terminal. Entry is prohibited because it is under construction. 
This will be a small terminal. It is under construction, but it can link to the big terminal. 
Do you wish to link it? 
Yes. 
Huh? 
Since you're in here, does that mean we can get out now? 
If you go through this route, you'll reach Akasaka and Sannou. 
I hear this Hikawa guy is transferring Magatsuhi to Akasaka. 
It seems that this Hikawa guy is going to become the leader of the world. Cool, huh? 
I don't care who the leader is 
I just wanna see the latest issue of Ayakashi Monthly!! 
Is it okay to trust this Hikawa guy? 
What do you think? 
I'm a prospector that's a lookin' fer buried treasure 'round these parts. 
After years a pokin' around, I finally located the treasure right here! But 
The earth here's as hard as a rock turtle with frostbite! So, I can't dig, ya dig? 
!! 
Ya got demons with ya!? Hoo-doggie! 
Could ya spare one a them demons a yers? If ya do, I promise ta split the treasure with ya! 
C'mon! Lemme have a demon! 
My demon's your demon. 
Man, guess ya woke up with a snake in yer boot! 
Well, I won't give up!! 
Come back if ya change yer mind. I'll still be here 
Really!? Hoo-doggie! Thanks! 
*whistle* 
How about ? 
No, not that one. 
Hmmm 
It looks a might weak to me Better take in a few winks. This is gonna take awhile! 
Whoa! 
This one's as ornery as a bobcat with his tail on fire! Look forward to ma results! 
Hey, it's you! 
I'm still gettin' ready. Can you come back in awhile? 
You can hear the sound of rock being chipped from inside the hole. 
I did it! I did it! Hoooooo-dooooooggie!! I finally found the treasure! 
I owe ya, lil' buckaroo! We'll split the treasure, as promised! 
There's four chests ahead, so pick two of 'em. 
Yer not gonna take that one after all? Hurry up and pick two! I gotta jamboree to go to! 
Alright, one more. Pick any one that ya like. 
Ya picked two, right? Then the rest is mine! 
Thanks to ya, ma lifelong dream's been fulfilled. 
You're more useful than a terrier in a backyard fulla prairie dogs! 
Thanks to ya, ma lifelong dream's been fulfilled. 
Yer more useful than a cat in a barnyard fulla mice! 
Here's a little somethin' fer ya! 
It was in one of ma chests, but I don't reckon I need it. 
Ya might be able to find a use fer it. 
Your demon kicked the bucket. Sorry 'bout that, partner! 
I knew ya would come! 
Have ya decided to gimme a demon? 
Ya don't need to be as humble as pie! It's all thanks to ya that I found the treasure. 
What's wrong, partner? Go ahead and pick any two treasures. 
Yes. 
The flag gave strong demon has been raised. 
The flag gave strong demon is still off. 
Advance the digging event? 
Advance to step 2. 
Advancing to step 2. 
Advancing to step 3. 
Event is left as step 1. 
Watch out for steep slopes! 
You'll slide right down to the bottom, and then SPLAT. 
I hear those gods summoned by Magatsuhi aren't really gods 
Does that mean they're demons? 
There is no answer It's just some drunken buffoon. 
Dang! You're pretty tough makin' it through that tunnel! 
But, you're best off not goin' near the Diet Building. 
If you get in the way of Commander Hikawa *gulp* 
Or, are you here to 'help' Commander Hikawa? 
Yes. 
You are, eh? 
But, are you good enough!? 
Then, Commander Hikawa really will make you *gulp* 
Commander Hikawa's god will soon descend upon us. 
The Reason of Shijima shall begin. 
Commander Hikawa's god is finally here. 
The final moment of creation has begun 
Are you here because you heard that Commander Hikawa is summoning a god? 
Yes. 
I see 
But, there's no need to help. We have 'their' protection. 
I won't tell you to turn back, but from here on out, I can't guarantee your safety 
Ha ha ha! 
Someone just like you passed by here a while ago. 
The Maiden calling herself Aradia. 
Well, we have 'them' in the Diet Building. 
I won't tell you to turn back, but from here on out, I can't guarantee your safety 
Hey, you there. 
If you're looking for Hikawa, you'd better remember this, or else 
If he's handsome, hook me up! 
It doesn't open from this side. 
You slide down too? 
Looks like we got the short end of the stick. 
The flames of the Candelabrum of Sovereignty are flickering wildly 
You can feel the presence of a terrifying demon 
Yes. 
Are you sure? 
It looks like you'll be able to get away. 
It looks like you won't be able to escape 
I know you have a candelabrum! 
The flames of the candelabrum burn passionately! You won't escape! 
Yes. 
There is a Mystical Chest. 
Yes. 
You see a Cache Cube. 
Yes. 
It's empty. 
It's a trap. 
It's empty. 
found something. 
It can't be used here. 
Select a floor. 
If you go straight forward, you'll reach the Diet Building. 
Hey! 
I just saw a human woman! She was headed for Kasumigaseki. 
She was creepy, like she was possessed by something She was hot, though! 
I think I've finally got it! 
The Assembly of Nihilo conceived their Reason of Shijima, was it? 'A world of stillness', right? 
Aw, forget it! I'll never understand 
Hey, you. It's dangerous up ahead. 
It's a maze in there. Plus, there are steep slopes. 
You'll slide right down to the bottom! 
If you jump in unprepared, you might die of starvation, or worse 
You made it through that tunnel? Wow! You must be tough! 
But, even you're not tough enough to go near the Diet Building. 
If you get in the way of Commander Hikawa Well It was nice knowing you! 
Commander Hikawa's god is finally here. 
The final moment of creation has begun 
Are you here because you heard that Commander Hikawa is summoning a god? 
Yes. 
I see 
But, there's no need to help. We have 'their' protection. 
I won't tell you to turn back, but from here on out, I can't guarantee your safety 
Ha ha ha! 
Someone just like you passed by here a while ago. 
The Maiden calling herself Aradia. 
Well, we have 'them' in the Diet Building. 
I won't tell you to turn back, but from here on out, I can't guarantee your safety 
Commander Hikawa has summoned the famous god, Ahriman 
Darn! I wanted to see that 
