Hello again
Think of it like this. Today will continue in the same way it always does. Only your perspective of today has changed.
You cannot step outside of what you have already done.
However, what you do today, can change what will happen tomorrow.
Spend your time well. You only have today to accomplish what you desire.
You will not get a second chance... Rather, a third chance.
I have nothing to share about myself. Just think of me as a part of your grandfathers pocket watch and we'll get along fine.
Is that what people call me? That's interesting, but I am not the father of anything.
Time takes care of itself in many ways and doesn't need me to do any of it.
I don't know anything about that. Why not ask your grandfather. That is his PocketWatch is it not?
Is he? Well imagine that... I was begining to think he was going to live forever.
Very well
Are you asking me the date? It is only possible to measure time, when time flows in one direction.
When you think about the entire world, Every hour of the day exists at the same time, one day blends into the next.
Time zones all all man made. In reality all time, exists at the same time. The only difference is your perspective.
The Monday that happens one day, is never the same Monday that happens next week. Time, as you know it, is an illusion.
If you were to ask, how much time has passed since you arrived here the answer is always the same. One day.
From your new perspective, trying to keep track of the date is a pointless pursuit. Try to get used to it.
         
Have you got a watch, clock, a timepeice of some sort?
Is that so... May I see it?
Come now, I happen to be very skilled in fixing mechanical clocks.
I need to be able to talk with you at some point during your day. This seemed an appropriate time. Do you remember what happened when you went to the bus depot?
We can get to your questions in a moment. I'd like to know what you do and don't remember to determine a good place to start
Now, do you remember what happened when you went to the bus depot?
How interesting.. tell me what happened...
Time takes care of itself, you remember this part right?
The only time time takes care of itself is if there would be a potential problem when you talk with someone.
This person doesn't carry on conversations while he's doing his job. You get in the door, and he never sees you again.
It seems he's in a bit of a loophole. However... You gave him money correct? So... What if you reset the money.
Time will have to reset your encounter since the money couldn't exist in his pocket and in yours at the same time.
If you need to, you can reset your entire day. Just walk past where this day ends. It should put everything back to when you started.
Are you certain?
Come now, it hasn't even been twenty-four hours. Have you forgotten already?
Your tour bus let you off to look around the city for a few hours.
You ran off by yourself in search of a store completely unaware of your surroundings, and the time.
As a result, you got lost. By the time you returned to the bus depot, it had already left.
You were provided some dinner and then you went back out into the town again.
I wouldn't know your reasons for doing anything. It's your life.
Simple, You used your grandfathers watch. Instead of listening to me try to explain things,
Why don't you go out there and see what today has to offer. If you have a question, you know when to find me.
You already did screw up... If you've forgotten, just keep going. You're bound to repeat the same mistakes again.
Yes exactly. ...And then what?
Go on...
Yes, you're doing well.
Then, I'm not really sureVery well.
Well would you look at that. This is a 28 jewel antique Hunter-case watch, one of a kind. *he holds it up and compares it to the clocks behind him*
It's still in perfect sync. You've done well to take care of it. *He hands it back to you*.

A Clock only holds a single rotation. When it ends, it begins again at the only place it can.
To a clock, There is no such thing as tomorrow. The end of today begins with today.
Besides, you were attacked tonight. You currently do not have a tomorrow to live for.
If you experience the things that happened to you tonight, you will die.
Only by changing what you have done today, can you change that inescapable moment.
This time you have, is not the gift of immortality. If you are careless, you can be hurt, and killed.
Do the people who you rewind remember what they have just said or did? In this case, that moment is being rewound for you.
You change things all the time.
I have no idea how you will know. you either figure it out, give up, or you die trying.
All you can do is prepare yourself in whatever way you can think of to confront the end of your day.
You were probably sleeping. If you like, I can fill that duration of time and meet you then, just as now.
When you are ready for that it's quite simple. While standing in this room, open up the back of the watch, and stop its gears.
Your perspective of time will return to normal. And you will resume your day where you left off.
There's no going back once you do. You will have to live with the results of today, Whatever they may be.
Your perspective of time has changed. The Earth rotates in a single day just as the gears in your watch.
Perhaps you are able to perceive that rotation as it truly is. Perhaps it is just an odd setting on your pocketwatch
Not at all. Today is only limited by what you have already done today. Should you survive, you would carve out a new day for yourself.
You're thinking about this all in the wrong way. You must think time travel is something different then it really is.
This day has already happened. The road you walk, the people you meet, You've already put those things in place.
When you walk, you cannot change where you are, only when you are. Do you understand? You only control time.
The only thing you can do with this time is change yourself, the people you meet, and the outcome of today's events.
Spend your time well. You only have today to accomplish what you desire. You will not get a second... rather, a third chance.
I wouldn't know. I know nothing about how your pocket watch works. However, why would it work if you didn't have a chance.
That would be a cruel fate. Your pocket watch has done all that it could. Perhaps just being here, alive, is your only salvation.
No, but even if you did, There wouldn't be anyone out there. Where would you go, what would you do?
You only have today, as it already is, to acomplish what you desire. Nothing out there will help you.
Your ability to change what happens today is limited to yourself and the people you have come in contact with.
From what I have seen, You keep to you yourself and don't talk with other people unless someone else starts the conversation.
I would be suprised if you could even remember any of the individuals you passed by, or sat next to on your tour bus.
Today has passed without you interacting with many other people. therefore, you cannot interact with them now.
No, the bus is gone by the time you arrive.
No, You got off that bus this morning. You cannot sit there and wait. Time will not move at all while you are standing still.
There will be things in life that will be too late to change. Time has it's limits. Today, is often too late to fix something that has happened.
The only thing you can do in these situations is to regret your choices. Or, if you have the courage, you can move on from them.
Nothing caused you to have a bad day today, you created that feeling for yourself. You may not be able to change what happened, but you can change how you feel.
You are capable of many great things. Why not do something at the start of your day that puts you in control over how you feel about today.
Time, for those people, is in one direction. You, travel time in two directions. Suppose you continued a conversation from the wrong point in time.
It would be confusing to an ordinary person. Keeping track of those moments would become difficult if not impossible for you to remember.
Fortunetely time takes care of itself. When you talk with someone, It's as if you've met them for the first time.
This also applies to objects you trade and money. Everything will reset to as it was when you first met them.
Time only 'rewinds' itself when you talk with someone a second, or third time, so forth and so on.
Unless you speak to them again, they will remember the last conversation you had.
Because we both share a similar perspective of time. For yourself, time is along single path. Me, I see time as a field that crosses many paths.
Simple, You can only change yourself and the people you come in contact with.
Winning the lottery would change the life of the other man who will win today.
You wouldn't be able to interact with people you have not had contact with. There is a connection somewhere, think carefully.
Perhaps you have already been there and you do not remember. Or perhaps you have a connection with someone inside from earlier in your day.
I do not know how your pocket watch works. But I can say with confidence that you have come in contact with those people.
That depends. Have you spent alot of time with books or guitars today?
Today is like any other day. At most, you could gain a day's worth of knowledge
It would create a mess if only a day has passed you have suddenly gained years of skill. Time won't allow you to do that.
However, if you had spent alot of time around something, You could manipulate time to change how that time was spent.
If you worked in a library for example, Your every day up to this point could become days that you have spent studying.
There would be no paradox of time because The past and the memory of the lives of the people around you could accomidate your new skill.
From your perspective, Yes. However, time is relative. From their perspective? who knows...
Time will take care of itself, it's not so fragile a thing to be broken by anything you could do to it.
There are many people I know. There are none that I knew. Never in the past tense. I am not limited to the people I have come in contact with today.
Yes, I know your grandfather. He is quite the character.
Your Grandfather is a rotten man.
Perhaps during your flow of time. Here, where he can manipulate it? He will blackmail, cheat, lie, steal. And beat a man if he wants to.
For information. By the end of the day he will change every cruel thing he's done to everyone, but that doesn't make him a good person.
Perhaps you should ask your family that question. It's only when he uses that pocketwatch that I see him.
No one tells me why they do things. Your guess is as good as my own.
 Perhaps this is exactly the ending he wanted.Perhaps he couldn't change what happened at the end of his day. So he gave up, and gave his pocket watch to you.
Did your grandfather live forever? Was the entire universe stuck in a loop until your grand father was finished with eternity...
I think that's a limited solution. Why couldn't both realities exist at the same time?
Let's imagine that he is still alive repeating his final day over and over. Yet here you are, beyond that day.
Whatever he chose, whatever happened, it doesn't change who you are or where you are today. That's all that matters.
Leave your watch here with me. I'll keep it safe from harm. I'll remove myself from your day, and leave you to eternity.
And do what.. walk this same path again and again? How long could keep it up before you begged for escape.
How about I make you a real bargain. I could make it so you could walk paths that you didn't walk today.
Go visit the library, go master the guitar. You could indulge yourself with whatever you like.
But you would never be able to cross the bounds of the 24hours that your timepeice holds. Today will be forever.
I have no idea what day was his last. I do not record time by days, months, or years.
I see what's going on here. Your Grandfather left you his watch and a pile of unanswered questions
You have to remember your Grandfather is meticulous to make sure everyone loved him at the end of the day.
If he wanted you to know something, if he wanted you to have instructions. He would have left them for you.
Since he left you nothing, It's a safe bet that he didn't want you to have those answers. You've no one but yourself to figure things out.
A good pocket watch has between 15 and 23 jewels. Your pocket watch has 28 jewels.
The jewels prevent wear and tear on gears that get heavy use. They are too poor quality for jewelry, but they are valued for their strength.
It must have extra gears for additional functions. I would suggest you don't fiddle with it too much, that watch is keeping you alive.
It seems you have a lot of growing to do. Going forward with your day is only the first step.
You must find your courage and accept who you are, and what has happened.
If you can't find the courage to win, then you've already lost.
I'm too frightened to continue.

The name Father Time was given to me because if I were to die, then the world itself would likely come to an end.
Not because I am an entity of time, because I have trapped within my dreams an entity known as the Immortal Nightmare Beast.
When I sleep, the Beast escapes my dreams and can enter into this phase of reality and continue with it's ambition.
Perhaps it seeks veneance, perhaps it is as aspect of this world that seeks to cleanse the things it dislikes. Perhaps it comes from another world, and is infecting this world like a virus.
Regardless of it's reasons, all we can do is speculate because it has no desire to communicate.
The Nightmare Beast was sealed in a phase of time to itself. It was sealed by a civilization that existed, and disappeared, long before I was even born.
The Wards that sealed the Beast are unknown. I attempted to deciper them, and to recreate them, with zero success I created the prison that it lives within now.
I still retain hope that I will discover some other means of imprisoning the Nightmare Beast.

Unlike you, when I wish to repeat a conversation, I would have to plan to begin that conversation just after the top of the hour. I can only travel to any hour of any day. As you can imagine, waiting for a conversation to being is exhausting.
Not to worry, after I have slept, I rewind time to the hour before I sleep. Re-imprisoning the Beast and undoing any of the damages it had caused.

I cannot travel to the time before the Wards were destroyed. Those things exist in another phase of time. Not with my own abilities in any case. Perhaps with your pocketwatch I may gain new insights.

My astrology? I doubt you would have heard of it. I was born on the the fifteenth Day, I am an Eagle. I love my personal freedom and want to explore different places, ideas, and people. I do not miss a single detail and tend to be a perfectionist. I am gifted with acute precision and patience - two qualities many other Mayan signs struggle with. However, I accomplish this by keeping a safe distance from others. Which makes me appear aloof and quite introverted. I have a natural tendency toward technical fields like science, mentally stimulating and philosophical studies. I must however beware of being overly stubborn and critical. Fortunetely I have an ability with time to conpensate my weaknesses, and I have trained myself to no longer act accouding to my own will, and no longer swayed by the influence of astrology.

Oh, those? They live in a different phase of time. It's only a byproduct of your perceptions, try not to dwell too much on it.
Not quite the same thing. Dogs and insects live at a different rate of time. Think of it like having a reoccuring dream. Eventually, you'll begin to think of that place in your dreams as a real place. It most certainly is real, but it's not a place you can go to physically, it's in a different phase.
Sigh... Nope. not like that either. Look, I get it that it's normal for you to frame something you don't understand into something else that you're already familiar with. But it's not an appropriate way of understanding. This is something new, that you're not familiar with. 
They are probably just as curious as you are about them. Tell me, do you like to crush the things you're simply curious about? You're quite safe from their curiousity. They are about as dangerious as a creature you read in a fairy tale story. Their phase is within the book, and yours is outside of it.
Perhaps one day you might be able to travel into other phases. But for now, you're not ready. You've got a lot of learning to do yet. Why, just this morning you were frightened to revisit the place where you were killed. And you've yet to learn enough about time to safely go beyond the loop of today. So my answer remains the same. Perhaps one day.